>AF041048 545 Real 1. site
acgaatataagctggtagacccgatgaacttggccaagaaaaacaccatcaaataactgagtagtcggtcacaaaactaatttgtctttcgccttttcagctggccacggatgagaagccaccgcggcggaaaagtagcggatcaccaaatgccagcagtggtggaaaccgcgggcccagcggcctcaagatctccttcc
>AF041048 867 Real 2. site
gtgccctacgcccacgtggaaccccattttgcgccacccgttcgccgtgttatcactaaaaaacccatcgccaataaaccaacgactgacaacgatgcaggcttcgtctccgagaacgccagtccgtatctggcccgtttggcctccaagtttggctacagcaaggtgcagtatgcggccatcatcgatgccggatcgac
>AF041048 2058 Real 3. site
cgcgaaggatttggcctcaacgatggcaagaagattaaggtgagtcctggcgcacttaacacaaattgaactctctagtaactcgttttaaattgtgcagctttacaagaagatagatggccacgaaatctcctgggccctcggctgtgcatacaacgttctgactagcgacgagaaattcagtaattcctaatgctcct
>DMMBNGEN 319 Real 1. site
actttactagaactcaatctacaaataaatcaatacggaccaaaaatactcaggaagtctagcaataaaagccaaaaggttattaccaaaactaatttagcttttgtataaaaaatatcgaggatgcaaattacttagtaagttcagaactagctgacaagcagtttaaataatcaaataaataacttttcaaactgcat
>DMMBNGEN 473 Real 2. site
tgacaagcagtttaaataatcaaataaataacttttcaaactgcattgaaattttcaaactgcattgaaattttaaattataagcacaggcttggctgaggctcaagaggtgtgatgcgatctggccaatgctaccagctatgcgatccgacttgggccaaatacacaacgtgtagaaggcagagattcgcacgcacact
>DMYELLOW 3998 Real 1. site
atttaggcagaaattccagttaattaaatattcaaaacaaactttatttagtgcctcaataatagtttggccctgctaattctcctattttattttttagggattccggccactctgacctatataaacatggaccgcagtttgacgggttcaccggagctaattccgtatccagattggcgctcaaatacagctggaga
>DMU43588 1229 Real 1. site
ttaatctcctgccagctcgcatggcctcgcacgataacaccaggtaagtgcatcctggcctcgtatttaacttttggttaaccatttccttgtccatcaggagcaccattgtgttcttcgccgtctgcggcctggatgtgctaaactcattgcatctggtgccgccacaactgaggcaggacatcattgactggatctac
>DMU43588 2065 Real 2. site
accgacaccttgaatttatcgcgccacgctttatcagcgacgccagcaacatgcaaaaccactttaaaatagattgattaattaattggtatctttgcagggctgccgcgccatggtgcccaaaaccgaggacgccgagatcttggagtgcatgcggaattaccagtggggccacttggccatgacgtacaccagtctcg
>DMORUBCD4 628 Real 1. site
ggcgaacgttggtggcgtttttggcgcgcttatgggctccgttttctttgtgaaatgtaaacagtggcccactgattgtattgctgtaatccctgaacagatcgtccagtgttccatcaaaatcgaactggtcaatgacagttggacggagctgcgcggcgagatcgccggtccgcctgacacgccctacgagggcggca
>DMORUBCD4 1008 Real 2. site
cacttctatgaatccacaatgttaacttgaattctgaaaggcgcaataagaacctgtaacttgtaattgaaacctaaataaattgcaaacttcttcgcaggtacgcttcataacgcgcatctggcatccgaatatatcgtcggttacgggtgcgatttgcttggacatcttaaaggacaactgggctgcagcgatgacac
>DMU04239 933 Real 1. site
agccagaggacttctttggcattctggattcttcactggtgagtggtggagtcacgtggcccgacctaaaattacaatcttcagcattacccaacaacaggtgccgccgaaggagccaaaggatgatatctatcaactcaagacaaccagacaacattcggggtaagttccactgggatttatagccacacaatggtgcg
>DMU04239 1139 Real 2. site
gcccacacacttgccttggccactggagtgcttgcctttgggcacgtaagtaatacctgagctcataagccctccctgcccatctcaaccacccacacaggagacgccggaagcagtcgcataaatcgcagaacaaagccgctctgagattacccccaccatttctgtggaccgatgacgctgttgatgtcctgcagcat
>DMU04239 1538 Real 3. site
ccaatttgcatgcaaactatatatactttacagtcaagaattgcgggtaagtctaatattcgttctatggagaatttataatttatatcccatcgaatagttgctgttcgtttctgggtaagaatgggaatggacgccagcccatctccattggacgtaattgcgaaaagtttggcattattatccatgaactgggtcac
>DMU04239 2410 Real 4. site
aacaggaatgcagccaaaggttaccgtggattcaaggcgagattcgagggtaagttttaaacttttcaaagaaaaacacaaactaatttttccattccagtggtatgtggtggggacttaaagctgaccaaagatcagtccatagactctcccaactatcctatggactacatgccggacaaagagtgcgtgtggcggat
>DMU04239 2725 Real 5. site
cggctcataggacgcttctgcggagataaactgccgcccaacataaagtaagttactttcaaaggaaaaatgatcactaaccaagtgaatatccacttagaacccgcagtaaccagatgtacatccgtttcgtatccgactcatcggtgcaaaagctgggattctcagccgccttgatgctggacgtggatgagtgcaag
>DMU04239 3350 Real 6. site
tcgcactgtccagagaagtggatttgtggccaagtttgtaataggtaacttacagaaaaaaattaatttacgtacgatctataatatcattattccacagatgtggatgagtgttcaatgaacaatggtggctgtcagcaccgatgccgaaacacctttggatcctatcagtgcagctgccgcaatggatacacattggc
>DROAFLL 325 Real 1. site
atgggtttgtacagcacggagcatggacgtggggaacctcccgttccggcgacacccggtgacgaagtctggtcataaaaatcatacgttcttcttccaggtggggtgctcagctactttcgcggactgctcggctcccgggagatgcgcatcttgatcctgggcctggacggcgccggcaagaccacgatcctctacag
>DROAFLL 810 Real 2. site
aatagctaatagttctttctttaggcaggctacgtacatatatctatttggcctttaagaatggtaatcctaatctcaattcgtgctatttccattatagaccttattggcgttgctactacagcaacacggacgcaatcatctatgtggtggactcggcggaccgggaccgcattggcatctccaaggacgagctgctg
>DMU20543 720 Real 1. site
aaggtcaagggtctgcgcggatcgcgcttgaagaacgtaagtttgcacgcccgtttattctttgtttacacggacgactctactcttaaattccttgcagatccaaacccgccacaccaagttcatgcgcgacttggtccgcgaggtcgttggccacgctccctatgagaagcgcaccatggagttgctgaaggtgtcca
>DMU84752 587 Real 1. site
gaagcaggagtccgatgtcggacctgtaagctttaactatgggtatgttttgtgaactatgtgacaaggatttgttttcttaccctttgctcttgattagctacgagaccagcgatggatcctctgctcaggccgccggacagctgaagaacgttggaactgatgaggaggctctcaacgtcaagggtacctattccttt
>AF025408 605 Real 1. site
gcttggatgcccttctaaaantctgtgctatttaaattatttaaaagcactttaaatttgatttatttattatttcagactttttaatcccaatttgcaggccctgggcgaccgttacaaagtcgacgacaagaacttcccgagtatcttcctgttcaagggcaacgctgatgagtacgtccagcttcctagccacgtcg
>DROOPSA 361 Real 1. site
atagtgacgcagccagtaaccaaaacacaatggagaggtacgatcggtggatccactggatgttctggttagcaatttaacatttgcttcggtgttgcagctttgcagtagcagccgcgcaactggggccacactttgcccccctgtccaatggatcggtggtggacaaggtcacgcccgacatggcccacctgatcagc
>DROOPSA 1110 Real 2. site
aatgtttaaaaactgaaattacaaacaattacaattacaattgtattaatattattaccacccaacattatcctataaatatatattcttaatctaaaaggtatgtgccggagggtaacctgacctcgtgcggtattgactacttggaacgcgactggaacccacgctcatacctgatcttctactccatcttcgtgtac
>DROOPSA 1316 Real 3. site
ccgctgttcctgatctgctactcttactggttcatcattgctgtaagtggcgacgagaaacgcatattccagtcgcttaacccgatatatcctccctcaggctgtctccgcccacgagaaggccatgcgcgagcaggccaagaagatgaatgtcaagtccctccgctcctctgaggatgccgagaagagcgccgagggca
>DROOPSA 1662 Real 4. site
gcctgctacaatccaattgtatacggcatcaggttggttatgggctatgaaacgtatatcccttaatatttaaccaattttttattttcattccgtatagccatccgaaatatcgcctggccctcaaggaaaagtgtccttgctgcgtctttggcaaggtcgacgatggaaaatcgagcgatgcccaatcgcaggccacc
>DMYEMA 1686 Real 1. site
aagtatcccgagtttaactactcccggcttttgtatttggaaaaggtaagagtgtataactcagttggaggatcgctttctaaacccttgcaatccgtagaaaaagaccaaaaagctgaagcaggtgagcactaccaatggctccgcaagcactgatccctttgccgacaacgatgacgatgtggcacggatcgtcaagg
>DMYEMA 1976 Real 2. site
agtcggactcattcatcgacaacacggaagccgtaagaacaagaaatatttccgacgaatgcactgaaattatttaccttaaactctatgttctgtccagtacgacgaaatcataccggaggaggcggaaactctggagggcggcttctacatcaactgtggcgcactggagttcaagaacctcaccaagaagtcctaca
>DMYEMA 2856 Real 3. site
gataggcaggccggtcagcatggcaaggatgggcaggaaagtgagttacatatacagtattagttggttgaaatcaccctttcacgtgttcatttttaagatcttcgcaccgccgacactctgctccccaccacattggatgcggacattgtgaccgcagtcaacagcttcaaagaagcggtgaagagtcgagacatgtg
>DMYEMA 3070 Real 4. site
atctggatgtgaagctttcgccactactgcttcggtgagtttgcagccgatgtaaacatcaagtacagatttaaggcttatatccattaacctacaccagggtgtacgaggcggtgctgtgcacggaccgcaacgagcgcaacatggtcttctcccacatcgagtatcagctgcaactgcccaagtactacatgctgcgc
>DMYEMA 3372 Real 5. site
aactatgagacggaactgcgcacatttgctgaacaggcgtaagattgttgttaagcgaaataacgattaggttcctttagattatgattattattttcagagctgcggacgtgaactccgaactgccgcccaaaatgccgcgtaagaagttccagtggaccagcgagctacgccatctgctgtacgatgtgtaccaagcg
>AF034856 8137 Real 1. site
cgtttctaattagatagtcgtaaatctctttttgtttactccatattacacaagcagttgcttaagcttaataattaatgtgttcaattttaattctcagagtggcaagatcgcacaggagctggactacgtgaaccaccatgtgcggaccaagctggacgagatcaagcgccgtgaagtggagcgcctgcgggagctgg
>DMARIADNE 2267 Real 1. site
atgccaactgggatgcagccccccgctcttttaccccatatatgtacatatgtgccatcatccactgacattcgatttgttttgttgtctatggccacagctacccacacccaccacacggatactgctaaatcacttcaagtgggacaaggagaagctattggagaagtacttcgacgacaacactgatgagttcttca
>DMARIADNE 2481 Real 2. site
ataaatcctttcaacgccaccgaagcgatcaaacaaaaggtgagcccagtgctaaggctccatttgatgtctcatctaatgcgtttcccttcattttcagacctcacgcagtcagtgcgaagagtgcgaaatatgcttttcacagctcccgccagatgtaagttgtcatggagaagggatgagtaactccgtgacctaat
>DMARIADNE 3230 Real 3. site
aatatatttataatattgtatactcttttgctccacaagcaacaacttcaagaatatctacaatgtatactaatagctactttctcttcgttccatttagtccatggccgggctggaatgcggacaccgattctgcatgccctgttggcacgagtatctgtcaacgaagatcgtggcggagggtctgggccagaccattt
>DMARIADNE 4218 Real 4. site
ctaaaactaatcaaggaaacacgaaagtatctaggcagaaatgtgaaagtcattatggaataaaactcaactgatatattatcttctgccaaatctacagatatctccactactacaatcgctacatgaaccacatgcagtcgatgaagtttgagaacaaattgtatgcatctgtgaagcaaaagatggaggagatgcaa
>DMARIADNE 4403 Real 5. site
atggaggagatgcaacagcacaacatgtcatggattgaggtaagtggtgaaaactcgtgaccataacaatgcgaattcagcacactcattgcaattgcaggtgcagtttctgaaaaaggctgtcgacatactttgccagtgccgtcagactctcatgtacacgtacgtgtttgcatattacttgaaaaagaacaatcaat
>DMARIADNE 4716 Real 6. site
caagataaatacaggtgagcgagcgagccatgtcctgttgtcccccaacatacaaacgcctcattatccaaacattgattcggtctctccattcgattaggtattgtgaaaagcggtgctctgttctgctgaagcacgtgcacgaggggtacgacaaggagtggtgggagtacacagaatgacgcgagtcatggctggat
>DMLAMIN 1765 Real 1. site
atataatgattatcccatgatattcctcactttctgtgacaaaatcatccctattctggactttaacgaacattaattgattgattatcccaacccgcaggcaatgtccgcatgtacgagtcgcgcgccaacgagctgaacaacaaatacaaccaggccaacgccgatcggaagaagcttaacgaagacctgaatgaggc
>DMLAMIN 2534 Real 2. site
agctcaaggagtaccaggaccttatggacatcaaggttagctttaatacttgtctaaaatcgtgcacgtattaatacataaatctaattatcctgcttaggtctccctggatttggaaatcgccgcatacgacaagctgctggtgggcgaggaggctcgtttgaacatcaccccagccaccaacacggccacagtgcagt
>DMCYP4D2 305 Real 1. site
ctagatcctgaacgtgagtttgagttccagcccatcgatacagtttgttatctggccaaatctattgcaatccataatcattcccaataataatctgcagaaataatggactttgtcaagaagaaccagcgcaagtacggtcgcctttacagggtgtggattctccaccagttggccgtcttctccacggatccccgaga
>DMCYP4D2 748 Real 2. site
catctttccggtgatttgtctcactgccctggatataatcgcaggtgagtttgccattagtcttataaatatttataacagcttaatactcgccgtttagaaactgcaatgggcacaaaaatcaatgcccaaaaaaatcccaatctgccctatgtccaggctgtcaatgagtgagtgtaatgataggtcgaatcccacag
>DMCYP4D2 874 Real 3. site
gcccaaaaaaatcccaatctgccctatgtccaggctgtcaatgagtgagtgtaatgataggtcgaatcccacagttctgatgaattcttccttgtgacagtgtcaccaacatcttgattaaacgttttatccacgcttggcagcgggtggactggattttccggctaacgcagccaacagaagctaaacgccaggacaaa
>DMCYP4D2 1490 Real 4. site
agtgcccatgatcggtcgctggttcgccgaggatgtggaaatacgtaagaagttccatatgagattcttcaatctcaggtaaacatattgctcttgtcaggtggcaaacatattccagcaggcaccaactttacgatgggcatctttgttcttcttcgtgatcctgagtacttcgagtctcccgatgagttccgaccgga
>AF047010 986 Real 1. site
tccacaacgtcaagtacatcccgctgatcacgctgactgttaaggtaaggcataagttatttggattccagcatatactaagcgattccatgtaccccaggttctcaccaagcaggtgaaggacaagaacagcagcaaccagaaggacagtcgagatctacgtcactgcgaggccaagaatgtgaagaagcgcaccaggg
>AF047010 1482 Real 2. site
acggcggagtctgctctggcgaaagtgctgtcgagactgaaaaaggttcgttgcttgagatatctttttccgatttatgctaaaaataatattcttgcagaatcagcgtgattccctggtctcccaagtgaatgcagccatctctggttactccaacgagttgtgccacgcctacgattacttcgatgagcactacgaga
>DMPPGENE 1439 Real 1. site
aatttgtctaactagagccctcagtgattcacctttgataacaaaacttcactgattcataattgattttattttcctttgcctattctaacttttgcagacgctgataaagatgaaatcgaaatagtcaaccaaaatgactatgagattttcctggccaagtgcgagagcaatatgcacgttcaggtggctccactggc
>DMPPGENE 2931 Real 2. site
cagcagctcccgacgagaagcgcacggtccccgtctaccacactggtaagtgccgaattaaataactaatcgctttgtattaattatgtctcctaattagatgaaagcatcaataaatcgatccatgccatgatggccatgggtttcagcaacgagggcgcctggctaacccagctcctagagtcggttcagggcaatat
>DMR118C 819 Real 1. site
acgaaatgtcattccgtcatcgatgccagtattctgcggtaagttaggtgtcgaatacaaacgaaatgcacatgtatgcaatcgtaatgcacttccgcaggaaccattggacacttttcatgtagagcccaacagtgtgagcagtcttcagcgttctagtgagggcgagcacagaatgcactctgaaataagtggctgcg
>DMU20566 577 Real 1. site
cgagtgtcgccgccactcgatttgtccttgcgtaaggtcacagcaacgacctccgaatcgtacttgctctgaggtcaaatgtttttcgtttgtttatcagcctgcgcctgcacacccagaacgatggcgagatactgctggactactcgaagaaccgtatcaatgacgaggtctgggatctgctcctcaccctggccaag
>DMU20566 1508 Real 2. site
ttgccttaaatgtaaaatagataacgcagccaaagcaaatagttacatcacaacattttagtctggcctatatttgcaaactatttttgttttgttttagcctgagtccgtggccaagcattttgtggccctgtcgaccaacaaggaaaaggtcaccgaattcggcattgacagcaccaacatgttcggtttttgggatt
>DMU20566 1810 Real 3. site
tggacaaccatttcaagacgacaccattcgagaagaatgtaagactcaactgagagttaagtaaaatgattatagttaaccattttattggctttcctaggctcctgttatcctggcgttgctaggcatttggtactccaacttcttcaaggcggaaacacatgccctccttccctacgatcagtacttgcaccggttcg
>DMU20566 2394 Real 4. site
ttgtggtgaagaaggtttcacctttcaccctaggcgcgttgattggtacgtctcactgtttcagctcacgagcacctattaatgtcaattgattttgcagcgctgtacgagcacaagatcttcgttcagggcatcatttgggacatcaactcgttcgaccaatggggtgtggagctgggcaagcagctggccaaggccat
>DMPS35 2303 Real 1. site
tgagctcagcggcttgcatttcaaaagtcatggtaaagtgtttattgcgaataatggtgtgctaactgcatttgttacaaactcacatctttgctttcagtttcgcaaccagtacgatagcgatgttactgtgtggagtccgcagggacgtctccaccaggtggagtacgcaatggaggccgtgaaacttggcaccgcaa
>DMPS35 2991 Real 2. site
accctgcccacggatgagcaaggcaaagatgccggtcagtatgtaagttcattgcacatttcccgtcgcgaatagttagtaaattgtgtttttcttgcaggacatcactgtggccatcgtcggcaaagaccagccattcacaattctctctaataaagacagcgccaagcatgtggcgattgccaaagagaatgacaatg
>DMY10276 365 Real 1. site
gggaactttcacatgcacatcaaggtagggattccacccatttgctaggggtaaatgaaagttattaacgtggttttattttggcaatcctcgtgcgcagagacgtcatagttccttgttgggcaaactccatgaaatgaaggtggctgcactggaagaacgccgtgatcggatcatgaaaaaccgacgctttgccaagt
>DMY10276 790 Real 2. site
taccgttagnatcgaatactgtatctgttcggatagcgaaatagcttaatgtgttgttgtgacatgtattggtgagcttgatatctccgtttttttccagctcgaagattccacttcagataaagctaatctaccaaatatccctaagaacttgggaattgtcgttcagaacgtaagtttcctttattcgcaaataaata
>DMY10276 980 Real 3. site
caaataaatatacatatatattttgtagatcatattttaaatatcaagttttgaacatatttcaatatttaatgaagcctatttacatgtattttttcaggtctcaaacatctcggtggaaacactgcccggcggttcgactcctgccagtgtctcctttctgggtcgtcctgtcaagcctgagcagggtagtggtccgt
>DROTUBA1 697 Real 1. site
tcgcacgcagtgccggctcaagttgggcgcggctctgcaattatcgattttcttggggtgtgtaactaatcatccgttttcccttcctcctcatccacagcgtgaatgtatctctatccatgttggtcaggctggtgtccagattggaaacgcctgctgggagctctactgcttggagcacggcatccagcccgatggcc
>AF081252 119 Real 1. site
acccttcaattgggccaatgtggcaaccaaagtaagttcttcaagtcgaaatcgaagttaagagatgctccggcttgatcgagatcactccattccgcagttggtttcgagttctggaagagattgtgcctggagcacggcatctccccggatggcgtcctggaagacttcgccaccgatggacaggatcgcaaggatgt
>AF081252 430 Real 2. site
ggaaactggtcttattggatcggattctgatctaatctactttattttatgtatttcatttaaaaaactatgtagatggatatgtgtttcccctttgcagttgtacaaccaggagaatgtgttcctctccaagcacggcggtggagcaggaaacaattgggcctccggctttagccagggtgagaaggtgcaggaggagg
>AF081252 1080 Real 3. site
tcctgatgacgggatatactccgctaatgtccgactgcgaggtatgatgatatgacatatgtaaatgggaatgcaaataaaaagaggcaaccactttcagaccaagacaagcgttcgaaagaccaccgttttggatgtgatgcgtcgccttctgcagccgaagaacatgatggtttccgcgctgacggacaagcagagcc
>DMCOPIAV 4501 Real 1. site
ccctcatgtcataaacgagctaaacatattgatattaaatatcattttgccagagagcaagttcagaataatgtgatttgtcttgagtatattcctacagagaatcaactggctgacatatttacaaaaccgttgcctgctgcgagatttgtggagttacgagacaaattgggtttgctgcaagacgaccaatcgaatgc
>DROSEV 7554 Real 1. site
cccacgcaaactcaccgcaacttccgttcccaagtgaccaaaataaaatactaaatgctttcacattttcattgtaattatttcctttccccttttccaggaggatctgtttctggacgaatttggaatacagtgcgaaaaggcggacaatggcgagaagtgctacaaaacacgagtaagtcgaagacattggggagccg
>DROSEV 8088 Real 2. site
tacaaaaatatatttaaatgctgccaaattgacagatattctattctgatatgttctacccggtttccttaaccatttttcgccctttttttttttgcagtgcaccaagggctgtgcccagtggtatcgcgccctcaaggagctggagtcctgccaggaggcctgcgtaagttttagctcatcaccaatcatcccaccca
>DROSEV 8264 Real 3. site
gctcatcaccaatcatcccacccagctcccattacacaatccatattcagatccagtttgacccctttcgttgttgtctccccttttggcccgtccgcagctgtccctccagttctacccgtacgacatgccctgcatcggtgcctgcgagatggcccagcgggactactggcacctccagcgactggccatcagccacc
>DROSEV 8726 Real 4. site
actggaggccctgataccctacacacaatacagggtatgtttgttttgcatcattttcatttttaatatattatttatttatttatatacatttcttcagttccgatttgagttgcctttcggcgagaatagagacgaagtcctctactctccggccacgcccgcctaccaaacgccacccgagggcgcgcccatctcgg
>DROSEV 9032 Real 5. site
gagttcctcggagggaaacgctacaagtgaacaggtgagagatggtcattcaatcatttcaattatccgtagtaaacatatatacatatacatatattagctggttccggccggacgaggtagctacatcttttcccagctacaagccggcaccaactataccctggcgctgagcatgatcaacaaacagggtgagggtc
>DROSEV 9420 Real 6. site
caacaactgtggctgctcaacgtccatggagagttgcgcaggtgcgaaggattagatatatagacaaattatttagctaaatccgatgaaatcttttcagcttaaaatttgaatccggccagatggtgagtccagcgcagcagctcaagctggatctgggaaacatatccagtggaagatgggttcctcgcagattgagc
>DROSEV 14140 Real 7. site
cgtttccagctgcgttctggcattggtgctcgttcgaaaaggtaggtcagaagcttgggacttgaaaggcaacatattgtattgtattatatccgttcagttcaaaagcgacgactgcgtgccaagaaactgcttcagcagagccgtcccagcatctggagcaacctgtccaccttgcagacgcaacagcagctgatggc
>DROSEV 14477 Real 8. site
agacggaggactccgaggagccgcaacgagtggccatcaaggtgagtagtcttcggtagccggaaaaggggcaacttttgaactgcttttgatcctccagagcctccgcaagggagccagtgaatttgccgagctgcttcaggaggctcagctgatgagcaacttcaagcacgagaacatcgtgcgcctggtgggaatct
>DROSEV 14730 Real 9. site
ttgctaagctacctacgtgccgccagggctaccagcacccaggtgggttaagttttataggtggtattagtttaagtttactaaagattatgccctctaggagccacaacccactgctggactctcgctctccgagctcctggccatgtgcattgatgtggccaacggctgcagttatctggaggacatgcactttgtgc
>DROSEV 15256 Real 10. site
cccatgtgtacggagaagctgtaagtctatcgttgctttcaatttcatcattttcattcattactgagagattaattctttgattaatcctgtccaccagttactccctgctcctgctttgctggcgaacggatccgtgggagcgacccagtttccggcgctgctacaacacactccatgccatcagcaccgatttgcgg
>DROGLDGMC 4079 Real 1. site
gatccctgcggaagggccagcagtcgggtaagctgtaaatgacgaaggccactaagagtggctacccatatctcaatatagatttccaacattattacagtttcgatcggagccggactacgagtacgatttcattgtcattggcggcggctcagcgggctctgtggtggcctctcgactgtccgaggtgccccaatgga
>DROGLDGMC 4539 Real 2. site
accgacaaactaatcatacacttatataaactacaaaaaactataacaacatgatattttttaattatgtatttaacagtatcttaaccgtcttacacaggtggcgatgaacccgtgggagcccagataccctcgatgttcctcaactttattggcagcgacattgactaccgctacaacacggaacctgagccaatggc
>DMU06861 1064 Real 1. site
tgcgagaatttcggaatcggcatcagaggcgatctaccatggcgcattaagtaagttggtaacaaggattgaaccgcagctaaagcttttgtaccatcagatctgagctgaagtacttcagccgcaccaccaagcgaacaagtgatcccaccaagcaaaatgccgtggtaatgggcaggaaaacctacttcggagtgccg
>AF016992 710 Real 1. site
caaatggtggtgctttggagaatgggctcttggtgtggcctgagtaaggccatagtatctatttgtaaaagctttgatagcattccttttcctattccagaaactgccatgggtgtttccatcaatgcgcagtcgaatgcagactccgagtacgtccaggcggtgaagaccatatcgatggtgctgcacaagcggatgtt
>AF016992 1394 Real 2. site
ccgctgctgggtcgtaaggttctcgaggactgcgagatcagtgagtacagtgcgtagaggagtaaagtactcaattttaacttgcctttccccaatgcagatggaaagctcatcccggcgggcacgaatatcggcatctcccccctctacttgggcagacgggaggagctctttagcgagcccaatagcttcaagccgga
>DMU38951 842 Real 1. site
ataaatagaggctagggtcttggacgtctcccttttccatttatcatgtccagttatcatgtgacacacaggcaactactaaacaggacgactgtttcagatcaagcacatgatggcgttcattgagcaggaggccaatgagaaagccgaggagatcgatgccaaggccgaggaggagttcaacattgagaagggacgcc
>DMU38951 1133 Real 2. site
gctcaaccaggctcgtctgaaggtgcgtgtcgtccagttggtggccctaacatataccggaaaacaccttatttttaatcattcgtaatgtaccctgtaggtgctgaaagtgcgcgaggaccatgtgagcagcgtgctggatgatgcccgcaagcgtctcggcgaggtcaccaagaatcagtccgagtacgagactgtgc
>DMU38951 1521 Real 3. site
ggtggtgttgagctgctggccctcaacggacgcatcaaggtgagtactgtcctttcggtggagagagagcaatcccaactgatctaacaaaccacttcaggtgcccaatacgctggagtccagattagacctcatttcgcagcagctggtgcccgagattcgtaacgcacttttcggccgcaacgtcaatcgcaaattca
>DMTOPII 3193 Real 1. site
gcagacttggggaaacaacatgggaaaagcctccgatgtgcaggtaaggaaataacatttcttattttagaccatcatctaatgttcagtaaacccacagatcaaggacttcaatggcactgactacacacgcatcacattcagtcccgatctggccaagttcaagatggaccgtctcgatgaagatattgtggctctaa
>DMTOPII 3683 Real 2. site
cagctgctcgaggttctgaagaaaaagaacaaaggtacgtttaacttaaaatgtgtattttcttaaacaacaactaatatttgctttgaacctcttccaggtggcatcaacatcaagccattccaggtccgaaaccatctgtgggtttttgtcaactgcttgatagagaaccccactttcgactcgcagaccaaggagaa
>DMTOPII 6802 Real 3. site
tgacttcagcaaggccaaggtaagtgtttcagtaattgcccatatttgtttttaaacccaaatctgtatttaattgtcaattaatatttttcatctttaggcgaaaaagagcgacgatgacgtggaggaagtaactcctcgtgcagagcgtcctggacgtcgacaggccagtaagaagatagactacagctcgctcttct
>DROPFK 2070 Real 1. site
tcatttttaattgtgctaatgatgtcatgtgccatgaagataccaaactctattctgttttacaccatatctacaattgattcgtgtttacttcggcaaggtctacttcattcgtgaaggctaccagggcatggtggatggtggcgactgcatcaggaagtccaactgggcctcagtctcatccattattccattcgttg
>DROPFK 2472 Real 2. site
cgagcagcaggaaaagttcaatgtcctgcacatgcttggattggtatgctacacagagtattccttggatatattttcttatggatgaatctttttgtaggttggctccatcgacaacgatttctgtggcactgacatgaccatcggcacggacacggcactgcatcgcatcatcgagcaatcgaaggctaaggtccaat
>DROPFK 3008 Real 3. site
tttctgtttctatggccgcagtactatgtcgatcgatccccatatcctccaaaatcccatcccccttttgactaatattttgtaatatatatttttgcagctatttagctcttgtgggtggactggcgtgcgaggcgattcatattcatccgaatgcgccaggtcgattaggccagacaggctctgctctcagctggacc
>DROPFK 4291 Real 4. site
tcttcataattcgtttgtgcttttgtagtttctgtatcatccacgattagtatcttacatatatgcttaaatgaatcccttcaccattgaccaacaggagcgatctgctggccagcgtctgaacatcgtgattgtggccgagggagccatggatcgcgagggtcatcccatcacagccgaggatgtaaagaaggtgatcg
>DROPFK 4663 Real 5. site
ttaatattaaaacactaaagttaccaaaataaggatatacttattaagatatgattcaatctatttttgacttgagagttaatgcttctaccccgcataggcttgccgcatgggagctgagccactttggcccttgatggaggccaccaaggactcggtgccagtggtcatctctctggacggcaaccaggcggttcgcg
>DROPFK 5160 Real 6. site
gtgtcgagggtctgattgcgcgaaatgtccgcgagctgggctggtaagtaatccgacaagggatcactctaaatcgtgtcttaatgcaattcaatttcaggtcggatgtctcaggatgggttggtcagggtggcgcctacttgggatccaaacgcacactgcctgagggcaagttcaaggagatcgccgctcgtctcaag
>DROPFK 6079 Real 7. site
cattgcagagacgaacttcgagtaagtttaacccgatggtcaccacaaaggggactatgaattccctttaagctcttggcataacccactcctcttccagtcaacgcatcccgaagaagcagtggtggctgcgcctgcgtcccctgctgcgcatcctggccaagcacgattccgcctacgaggaggagggtatgtacatc
>DROCDPR 1889 Real 1. site
acagcaaaatggtggactacagcaagtggaagaacatcgaggtgagcccactgctgggtgccaaccaaaaagtcctcctaatcggcacactaccttttagatttcggatgatgaggacgacactcacccaaacatagacacgccttctctgttccgctggcggcaccaggcgcgcgtggagcgcatggcggagatggacc
>DROCDPR 2274 Real 2. site
tctaatttattcttattgtcaagcttatgattgactatcatcctaagtggccatccatctttcatcgcaatgcttaatccctaatttgtatcgcctacagaaagagctcgaaaagatcgaggccgagggcaaagagctggaccgcatcgagagcgagatgattaagaaggaaaagaaaacaccctggaacgtggacacca
>DROCDPR 2998 Real 3. site
ctggacccagccgatgtctttgaatccctgcccgatgtacgttctagtgattcactgtatgggaattacttgactaacttttcatgtatttgctccgcaggaactaaaggcctgtttcgagtcccgcgacgtagagctgctgcagaagaccattgcggccatgcccgtggacgtcgccaagctgcacatgaagcgttgtg
>AF077070 1119 Real 1. site
ccaaatcccccaccatccccccaacctttttaaaaacgcattccgatgaaatacgagttgtgctttactgacttcccgccctttttctttatccttccaggctatggctatccccatcccggcgcgtttaacccgttcatgctgaatcccgcttggctggatgcggcgtacatgacctacggctatgcggactacttccg
>DMDES1 1484 Real 1. site
atctgcattctaaaaaaatcattttactaactacatgctatgcatacattgttcaccgttcaccagctcaataaactgtaacgtttatttgtcctttcagttaccaaggtgatgaggcaattgacactgacatacccacactgctggaggcgcgcctgtttgacaccacatttggaaaatttctgtgggtgtgcctgcag
>DMPIMP 226 Real 1. site
gatcagattttaaacaaggaaaacaccggcattaattgtaagttgaattaggttcgactcccgttcgtgttagtaattacatagccatttatcattgcagtgccagcgaatcccattaaaaatggagttcctacaaattccgtattgaagaaacctcttggtaaccttgacaatgtgatgcaccaaactcctggaataac
>DMPIMP 613 Real 2. site
tttccgaacgagaaatgtttgaagaactgcagcaagcgtaagtaccgctcatattaaacaactccccttgaaaattgtactataagttgtattattacagcggtcacagagacctggtcggaaaatcaagagggctatgaaggactattggatcaactttatcttgatctgcgcacattggaaaataatttggaaaacag
>DROSNF 1756 Real 1. site
tagtaatcctagttttctgggatgtgcgaatgactaggcaaaaaaaaaatgcaacttcatgtgacactaagacaactccttttttttttcgttcgcacagggacaagaagaagaagccgagcagcgccgagaactcgaacccgaacgcacagaccgagcagccgccgaaccagatcctcttcctcaccaatctgcccgag
>DMBX200 3070 Real 1. site
gcaatttgcgggtctccagatgaaaatgtaaacaaaagcttatcccacataattgtttaaattgcatttaactttattattatttttttttatacaatagactgctgtgaagaagtcaagtattgaagctcggcggttttctgatgtgtccacctgctcattcagttccagtaagtactataactatgactaagatgtaa
>DMBX200 3291 Real 2. site
atctatctataatgaagcataaaaggatatcattgttttccatttcaatattctctcttgcgattgaactcacttaatggtcacttgatctctttgttagcctgtttcaccggaagctctgacgaggaagacgtctccccgaaggacaaccatcagcgcaactccgccggaggcactgacttttgcgtgaagagcatctc
>DMBX200 4037 Real 3. site
tcgtgactccatcctggacaggtgagcttagatacacatgatttaggaagaatactaaatgattatctttgactgatcctttctattaattctcttccagtctgaaacgcaccacggatataatgtttggcggaaagcaggtggtgatctgtgggtacggtgatgtgggaaagggctgtgcccagtccctgaagggccaa
>DMBX200 4419 Real 4. site
ctgcaatatgggacattcctgctcggagattgatgtggtatgtattcggtgtgattccactgtggccttcatctatcaaaaggtttttaatccactttagaatggcttgcataccccggagctaacgtgggagcgtgtccgttctcaagtggatcacatcaggtggccggacggcaggatgatcattttgctcgccgagg
>DMBX200 4732 Real 5. site
tcggatgtctacctgctgccaaagaaaatgggtaggttctcagttaaaatagctaaggaaatctttggacaatttaaattaatttaatgaatactttcagatgaatacgtggccagtttgcatctcgccaccttcgatgctcatctcacggagctcacggatgagcagtccaagtttatgggcttaaacaaggccgggct
>DROBROWNPR 772 Real 1. site
tcctccaagacggtgagtcaatgctccggatgtggaggtggtaggtgtctctgggaatgggattgatttgcggtctggcccggttcgctattgtttgcagccagcgggcacatgaagaccggcgacctcatcgccatactgggcggatccggagcgggcaagaccacgctgctggcggcgatttcgcaacgactgcgtgg
>DROBROWNPR 1061 Real 2. site
tcaacgtgaagacgtttacggcctacgagcatctgtactttatggttagtccgctagatcccttaagtaaagcttgattaccttgagtcctctattccagtcccatttcaagatgcaccggcgcaccaccaaggcggagaagcgccagagggtggcggatctcctcctggcagtgggcctgcgcgacgccgcccacaccc
>DROBROWNPR 1712 Real 3. site
ttaccagggacgcaccgagcaggcggccaagttctttacagagtgagtgggctccttcctttcgagattccttctccattctacatcctgatcattttagcctgggctacgaactcccgctgaactgcaatcctgcggacttctacctgaagaccctggcggacaaggagggcaaagagaacgcgggggctgtgctccgg
>DROBROWNPR 1974 Real 4. site
cagcggggattacctgaagcacgtccagaacttgtaactcctaaatgtgattaatttgaggcataaaaactgactcttcaaaacttctcttatgtttcagcaagaaaataagatggatatatcaggtgtacctcctgatggtgcgcttcatgaccgaggatttgcggaatatcaggagtgggctcatcgcctttggcttc
>DROBROWNPR 2135 Real 5. site
ttgcggaatatcaggagtgggctcatcgcctttggcttcttcatggtaagttctcaaacgctgtgccaaatttaagtagtattgtaatccccaattgcagatcaccgctgtaacactatccctcatgtactccggcattggaggactcacgcaacggacagtgcaggacgtcggtggatccatcttcatgctcagcaacg
>DROBROWNPR 2289 Real 6. site
cggacagtgcaggacgtcggtggatccatcttcatgctcagcaacgaggtgcgtgcctttctctcctctccacctccagtcacttatctagttcttccagatgatcttcacgttcagctatggcgtgacgtatatatttcccgccgcccttcccatcatcaggcgggaggtgggcgagggcacctacagcctgtccgcct
>DROBROWNPR 2807 Real 7. site
cgctgatgtacaagttctggatcgacatcgataatatcggtgagcttacctcccagtagataatcaggatgcatccattatccaataatattttatccagactgtcccgtcaacgaggatcatccgtgcatcaagaccggagtggaggtgctgcagcagggatcctatcgcaccgccgactacacctattggctggactg
>DMZESTE 1392 Real 1. site
gttggaaaatgttgctagagtggtccaggttccacaattcccacctcaccaaaatctagcttttaactccctatcttgttatttgtgattttctgtttagactccgcaaacagtatccgtacagggatggcagctcctcaaatctcagctctggtagcgccaaaatcagctccgtatccgtgtccgttgcgtcggcggtg
>DMZESTE 1996 Real 2. site
cgaggagatcatattgattaagcacccagaggctaccggtgagattgtacacccttcttaaagatccccttcaaagtctaaattcttccttttcgtttagccacccagatccacaccatacccacccaggcgcagcagcatccaatggccacaattaccgccggcggctacaatcagcagatcattagtgagatcaagcc
>DRONOD 253 Real 1. site
agcgtcgtccagtttccgccatggagcgacggaaaggtatgtgccccaccattggccatgtgcatgtctaacggtatatgaccgccatctcgctttgcagtcgttaatagtggatcagaatgaattccacttcgatcacgcctttcccgcgaccatcagccaggatgagatgtaccaggcgctgatcttgccgctggtgg
>DRONOD 518 Real 2. site
tactcaatgggcatgacacctccgggagaggtgggtttttcgtttagccatcagtggcttaaatctttcccactgatctatcgcttctattcctttacagatactgcccgagcacctgggtattctgcctcgcgccctgggcgacatttttgagcgcgtgaccgcccggcaggagaacaacaaggatgcgattcaggtgt
>DRONOD 1187 Real 3. site
ttagttagtggaccatttgggttcaagcctttattgattagcgacttagtgactactataaatattgactgcaacttcttgccgttttcattctttgcagcctcgctaaccgcgcagtcgtatctgacctttctggcctgcatcagtccgcatcaatgcgatctcagcgagacgttgtccaccctgcgttttggcaccag
>DRONOD 3453 Real 4. site
aaccaagccgtaccgaaccgaactcattccaaccgcactgaccgcaaatcgaacgatgcagttactcgagtttcatccacccatcttgctctgattgcagcaatcgctggccgcacggacaacacacgtcttccgccaagcgctatgcacctcgacggccatcaagtcaaacgcagccaatcataatagcatagtggttc
>DRONOD 3707 Real 5. site
gctccgaacttggcatgacgcccaaagctaagaaaaggtgagtaacacggaatggaccaaaagcgaagatgatctaatcctcccatatcttcctccatagggctcgcgagctattggagctggaggagaccacgctggagctctcgtctatacacattcaggacagcagtctgagtctgttgggtttccatagcgatagc
>DRONOD 4496 Real 6. site
cctttagtttggccttgcacaggtaagttacttacatagttggcatacctttatttgcgttttacccaataacccttaatccgtaatccacatttttcagatcccgcctgggttgcttcgagaatctttttcaagtcaaatccctgcccatttggtcgggaaataaatgggaacgattttgtcaaattaactgtctcgac
>AF025540 1295 Real 1. site
ctccatggagacattcgtgataagcacgtcatcgtaagcattgcaaatgtagttgttaaattcgctcttcaataatttacaacatttacaatgtttgcaggctgtcaacgttgatggccagttgcgatggttccagtcaatagatccaccgccgggagctccaacaaaattggagctgcccataaagagcacttcaattt
>AF025540 1620 Real 2. site
tcgctgaccgatctggcttggagttggagtacgccggatgtaagaaagaactataaacgaaaaaaacgaacttttcctaacaatgtttttatcactaaaggctgtacatcacataagtcccaaagcggaactcaagaaggaccttaaagctggcgatgcagatacagattttccagattggtgggatgatggcaagtaca
>AF030334 374 Real 1. site
agtacttaaactttccgcgcatgccaaacattatgtgagtgactcgcctctggcaaatggtgtgggcaattaaaataacttggttatttacaaaccgcaggatgttcctggaggttgcgatcttatgcctgtgggtggtcgcagacgcatcggccagttcggccaagttcggcagcacaacgcccgcaagtgcgcagcag
>AF030334 1087 Real 2. site
cagttgtggctcaaggttttctgtagatattatagtatttcaaatccatttcttcaatattccggattagctcaacacacccatttttacatgtttatagccctttttgtgcgccgtctttaagccgaagtgtgaaaaaatcaacggcgaggacatggtctacctgccatcttacgagatgtgccgaattaccatggaac
>AF030334 1629 Real 3. site
tgttctacataaatctttgctttctaattgcttgcgtcgggtaagttttgagcactattttgcatttgtattcttaatcaaccacgtatttactatgcagctggttgcttcagtttacttctggctcgcgagaggacatagtatgtcgtaaggatggaacacttcgccactcagagcctacagccggtgaaaatctttct
>AF030334 2314 Real 4. site
agacgaatgggcccagagcttcagacagtttataatgtaagtgtaaatactcgtttataactttttccatacgcctcaactagataattcttttgtttagctgcaaaatttcttcagtttttgaagaaaagagttcctgtcgaattgaaaaccgacctagtgttggcgttcttcaattgcatttgctgtgtctatttagc
>AF030334 2554 Real 5. site
caattgagacttggaagcgttatataaggaagtatgttttaccatcctaccaaaagttgcattaaagttatctgtactatcgattttataacctttgcagaaagtgtggcaaagaggtggtcgaagaagtgaaaatgccgaagcacaaggtcattgcccagacatgggccaagcgcaaggatttcgaggacaagggcagg
>DMU84751 433 Real 1. site
acttggaatccgatgttggacccgaaaactttcagtggtcgtaagtagactgacagggtcctcataaaaatgcctaactgattctggaccttcgtattagcttcgagaccagcgatggccaggcggctaacgctaagggacagttgaagtaccctaacaccgaccacgagtcccttgctgtccagggatccttccgcttc
>DROPOLYABA 1098 Real 1. site
actcttgcaacacacacattccccacgaccaagccctcatgttattttaattaggtagaacttaattgattattacctattaaacgaatgctcttcgcaggtcaactgggccaccagtcccggcaatcagccgaagacagacatcagttcgcaccaccacatattcgtgggcgacctcagtcccgagattgagacagaaa
>DROPOLYABA 2074 Real 2. site
taccagcagatgggctactggtatccacctgcggtaagtgttgtattctttaaatacgcagtgacctaaagattgaccgtaactttgtgcttttctgcagacttatcctacaacccagatgcagacgcaatacatgcagcagggctactatccctacgcctaccctaccagtgctcagcaagcgggaggagtccgtaagt
>DROPOLYABA 2237 Real 3. site
cctaccagtgctcagcaagcgggaggagtccgtaagtttacttttctcagttgctgaataatcgtgaccttggcttaaacagcttgcatacaattttcagcggctggataccgcatggtgccgccgaatgtagcatggggcgtgcccggaactgtggtgcccggtgtgacggctgccgcagcatccgcggccgccgctgc
>CMGCR1A 633 Real 1. site
attccacaaaaagacgcattcgagttatttaagagaattcaattgatgagatcacsagtttgatatgsaatttgcactaacctccactacctactttcagttcttagtgttcgcgctggccgctcttgctgcagcagagccaccatccggatataactatccccgcggcggaggtggcggtggcggcggatttggaggtg
>DML2AMD 1515 Real 1. site
actatatgtatgtattccggatttaatagtgtattacaaacggatggagttatcttcaatgcataatttcttacataataattcgtataatcccccacagatctgcagtcccgcctgcacagaactggaggtggtggtcatggactggctggccaagttcctgaagctgcccgcacacttccagcacgccagcgatggac
>DMRLC1B 1082 Real 1. site
gtgcaatgacaaaatggaagtcttccctagtccggagcgcatcgataaggtgggcgatatttgatggtggagatccttttctaaaactttagaattgcaggtgaaaatctccatggaaaacctggagacagtagtgagggagcggaacaaggcgtatcacctgctggaaacaggtgaaacgggtgaacggccccagaagg
>DMMP20 1178 Real 1. site
acacacatataaacgaaaatatatgcaagaaatgtgaaacaaagagttttgtgaaatattgtgcctaaaatatgaattttttcttatccgatccacctagattgccggcaagcgcaatcccgagatggacaaggaggcccaggagtggatcgaggccatcattgccgagaagttccccgccggccagtcctacgaggatg
>DMMP20 1578 Real 2. site
gttaccaacaccatcttcgctttgggccgtgccgtaagtttcaaatcgccttctatcccattgtcatccaggctaatccttgaattgcggctcattgcagacctacaagcatgccgacttcaagggtcccttcctgggccccaagcccgccgatgagtgcaagcgcgatttcaccgaagagcagctgaaggctggccaga
>DMU19742 486 Real 1. site
ttctgttccgcataatcttcctcattatgctgctctctccactccttgctaatcatatttctcctgcttttcctccttcaacaactttaaatcacttcagtggtctccgctgaggccatgtctggatcagctatgtacgagttggtccgcgtcggctactacgagctggtgggcgagatcatccgtctggagggcgacat
>DMU19742 2217 Real 2. site
tcgatgggcggaattatgtaccagctgtcgtcaatgaagttcaaggtgagtgggtttatctattccaactattatttatattaataattcacattttaaggacccggtgaaagatggcgagcaaaagatcaaggcggactacgaccagctgtacgaggatctgcagcaggccttccgaaatctagaggactaagcggaaa
>DME9557 844 Real 1. site
atgttgatctgtacgtgccccgcaaatgcgtaagtgaaacacgtgttccccgcacaatttgccgaatggattactgaccagccgatacccttccctgcagtcggcgtccaacaggatcatccacgccaaggatcacgcctccgtgcagctgagcatcgtggatgtggaccccgagaccggtcgccagaccgacggttcca
>DME9557 1098 Real 2. site
tcgtgcgtctggccaagaaggacggcatcattaccaagtgagtttgtgctagaatccccgggatggacatccactaatgcgcgcatttttcgccttgcaggaacttctaagcgtggcgtacccatagctagattttgatttggtaataaagcgatttccctttgtaatttaacgtataacgttcgaaattgttttattta
>AF086715 671 Real 1. site
cagacgcctcgccgacagtggccttaaaatttgtattccacatagcgtggcaaataattactttttcaacgtgctcataattgcgatttttgatccataggcgacattggcaactactactatggccagggtcatcccatgaagccccatcgcatacgcatgacccacaacctgctgctcaactatgggctctatcgaaa
>AF086715 865 Real 2. site
tcgaaaaatggaaatatacgtgagttactttattaatatgtgatgatagatatatatatatatatatgatagatttaaacgcgaatttcttctattctagcgtccccataaagccactgccgatgagatgaccaagttccactcggacgagtacgtccggttcttgcgatccattcggccggacaacatgtcggagtaca
>AF086715 2206 Real 3. site
aaagggtgagtgattaaccattagtcattttaaatggttctagtgaccacttgtaatttatatttaaacaatactaactaaaccattatgctgttttcaggcgacggagctgatggcgaggagtcgacggcgtctaataccaatagcaacaacaacagtaacaacaagagcgataatgatgccggagcgacagctaatgc
>DMTU36B 1559 Real 1. site
attatattatttaattatttgcacgctgaaaccctaattaatatgataactttaaaatttatcattatatttataatatattaatatacatttcttttagctcattcacctgggtctcgttgtgtcgctctacctgttgggcattgccagtgccaaatacaacagccttttggctttggtcttggcgagtgtggccctct
>DMU52952 2719 Real 1. site
gagcccaactgtacacacatgtccagataacacacaatatagtggatatatgacagtatattccagtacagatcctaattgcatacgcttttgattccaggtggatgaggactacatacaggataaattcaatttaactggtttaaatgagcaggtacccaactatcggcaagcgttggacatgatcttggacttggaac
>DMU52952 2895 Real 2. site
tggacatgatcttggacttggaaccgggtaagtttagaatgggctgttacccatatccaaaattgtaatgtatatagctaatgcgccttaccatccacagaggacgagctcgaggacaatccactgcagtccgacatgaccgagcaggccgccgagatgctctacggcctcatacacgccagatatatactaacaaatcg
>DMU52952 3740 Real 3. site
aggttaaatatgtttgtaccagatttcaccaatgaattctgactttttctagttgctagttgctctgccagtggtctaatcctttgattattatcctcaggtctgtcggacatccccggcgaggcaatggttaagacctattgccccaagtgcattgacgtgtacacaccaaaatcgtcgcgtcaccaccataccgatgg
>DMU52952 4026 Real 4. site
caaggtaagatttatacccattactgtatatgcacattgttaatatgctcttttgttttatgtgcccgatacgacgtcaacttgatcatcacatacataggctatatggatttaaaatacacagcttagcttatcaaattcagctgcaggcagcagccaattttaaaatgccactacgagcggtaaatttaaaacttaat
>DMU52952 4528 Real 5. site
caatcatgtctctgcctgtctgaataaaaccaaacataaaaccaaaatatcgatatattatcgatcgttccaatcgatcgattcttaaaattgggtgtagaaaaactaataaaataaatacaccaccaacaacaacaaatactacaacacaaacacatacgcacgaatacaacaacaaacaatccatttaactgcatgta
>DMPUFFSP 772 Real 1. site
gctgtagaatgttgctattttttgtattttatgatcagcattttgaagcgtgcttattcaattgaaacaatttctgcgtcttcttcatcttctcggacaggtctgggagcaccaggaaatgttggcaagaagtcggatgctctggccgttcgcctggacgacaagggaaaggttaaatacgatgccatagcacgccaagg
>DMPUFFSP 1398 Real 2. site
cccgccctgcatatcgaactggaagaacgccaaaggtgcgagctaatgtaaaactagaatcctcttcattatcctaattaaatctttgcctcgatatcaggttacaccattccactggacaagcgtctggcagccgatggacgcggtctgcagcaggtgcacatcaacgagaagttcgccaagatggccgaggcgctgta
>DMXDH 2371 Real 1. site
gatacaaattttccaattaatggataaatggcattagatacttttgggaaattgatttcgtttttttcattttattatatttatacatttcttattccaggtgaccgaagtgtcgcctgatccggagtgcacgctcctcacattcctgcgcgaaaagctgcggctgtgcggaacgaagttgggatgtgcggaaggcggat
>DMXDH 5253 Real 2. site
aatcaggaaagcaagcaccaggattatattgacataaacaattataaataataatctaaaaattcttaaaaatgatctaatatataaatcctatgtttaggttcttgagcgcgccatgttccactttgagaattgctacaggattcccaacgttcgcgtgggtggatgggtctgcaagacgaacctgccctcgaatacgg
>DMXDH 6632 Real 3. site
ttcgaattgcttgtcaggataagttcacggaactggtaagttacccttggattagtttagaacattaaactaacttttattattaatttattaattatagcttgaaatacccgaaccaggatcatttacgccatggaacattgtgccttaaaattgtttttattgtttgtactgcttaagcatttaaaatgacgatttta
>DMPRUNE 457 Real 1. site
atttttggcccaggccaggggcaccttgggacgggtgaattctgaaagagcaccagaagtgagaaggtcaagcactaatagggtttctcttctcgcgcagcatctggcggaggcctcaccagttgcctgggctgctgctcccgacgtttccggccggaaattacatctggtaatgggcaacgaatcgtgtgacttggact
>DMU83247 701 Real 1. site
caagtttgcgtaagtggttgtcgttcaacagattcggccagatttccaggtttccaactgtgtcaaggtcgtttgctaaccggtttctggttttctttagcgtggagacgagcgacggaaagtcgcatcaggaggaaggccagctgaaggacgtgggcaccgatcacgaagcaattgttgtccgcggatcctatgcctat
>DMU46009 499 Real 1. site
tacgcccaggaggccgtccgaaggggttccactgtggtaagtcctacctggaggccacccgcacttgcctattagttaatcctccaaatactaaccaaagatgggtctgcgcaccaacaacgccattgtaatcggcgtggagaagcgctccgtgggcgacttgcaggaggagcgcatggtgcgcaagatttgcatgctcg
>DMU46009 913 Real 2. site
tttttcctgccctttcgaaaaagttaagaactgttctctcagtgcatccccctaggcaaatttggatttaccttttatgtcctttccgcttcccatgcagatacatagcccagctgaaacagaactacacgcagagcaatgggaggcgtccatttggattgtcctgtctggttgggggcttcgacgaggatggcactccg
>DROIMPDEH 1058 Real 1. site
acctacaagtgagtagtgatcaagcctctgcaaaagtcgttatccaaatctcatgtcattgcccccatccgaaattcccgacaatcccgaaaaaaaacagcgactttctcatactgcccggctacatagacttcaccgccgaggaggtcgatctcagttcgccactgaccaagtcgctgacattgcgagcaccgctggtt
>DROIMPDEH 1403 Real 2. site
cctgtggttgtaactcaacactcttatgcgcctctctaaccgccaatgtttctatccactgctcacacaccatccaaatccattcgaatcccgcgcgcagctgtgtggtggcattggcatcatccatcacaactgcacgccggaataccaggcgttggaggtgcacaaggttaagaagtacaagcacggcttcatgcgcg
>DROIMPDEH 2468 Real 3. site
ttgacataattattatattgattataatcaagtgattttaatttattgttacttgcaaattttccactaattcaaaatatttattttattcactgaacagtggtaacacgtgcccaggccaaaaatctcattgatgccggcgtcgatggactgcgtgtgggcatgggttccggttccatctgcatcacccaggaggtgat
>DROIMPDEH 3080 Real 4. site
atcggtgctaactccattaataaattgaggtaggctaacatggacctaattccaaagaacatgaaactaatctttatctccgcatgttaaatttccgcagggatatgatctataatggccaactgcgcttcatgaagcgcacccattccgctcaactggaaggcaatgtccatggcctcttcagctacgagaagcgtctc
>DMU42204 1141 Real 1. site
aaagcgagccgaaggggcaggatcccaatgacatggtatgcagacatggtatctgaatcagccgattaaagtactatatttattgaattcgaatcatcagattacttccctgggcggaaacatactgctggaccagaagttgcagaataactactatcacaagtggaccctcctgcactactcgccctttaaggctgtgt
>DMU42204 1437 Real 2. site
atagcaaatacatcaactccgatccaattgtcatcatcgatttgattggtgagcaccaatgctgcattttgtgggttaagctatcaatggaacttttcagtggacgttaccttcatcgtggacattataataaactttcgaacgacctttgtcaactcgcaggacgaagtggtcagtggccagcgtggtggagtactcaa
>DMU42204 1570 Real 3. site
actttcgaacgacctttgtcaactcgcaggacgaagtggtcagtggccagcgtggtggagtactcaaatttggaaattaagcaaaccacactcgttctaggtatcccatcccggacggatagcagttcactacttgagcggctggttcctaatcgatctcgtggccgccgttccgttcgatttgctcctggtgggcagtg
>DMU42204 1741 Real 4. site
tccgttcgatttgctcctggtgggcagtgacaccgacgaggtgagagccatctatgcactcctacatggaattgattaatgcctgcactccgcatttcagacaactaccttaataggacttttaaaaacagctcgactcttaagactcgttcgcgtggcccgaaaaatagatcgttattcggaatacggagccgcagttc
>DMU42204 1952 Real 5. site
atggcgacctttattttgattgcccattggttggcatgcatatggtaaactagcctgataatagtcgatttgtttttggaattgcttaactctatttaaggtatgcgattggaaatgcggaaaagtctatcgcttccaagaacatcggttggctcaattcgttggcctacgatattcaagaaccctatttcgacaaccgc
>DMU42204 2135 Real 6. site
cctatttcgacaaccgcactggtggtccctctataaaggtagagtttccctccgtccatctactcgtaatccgcatgactctaaaccgatcctcttgcagtcgcgctatatcacggctttgtatttcacgttcacctcgctcacttccgtgggatttggcaatgtggcaccgaatactgatgctgaaaaggcattcacta
>DMU42204 2320 Real 7. site
aaaaggcattcactatttgcgtgatgctcgttggatgtaggcaacatcgattatatttctttaaatacgtgtaatgagacctttaatttcccccctcaagctcttatgtatgcaagtatttttggaaacgtatctgccattattcaaaggctgtactcgggaaccgccagatatcacacgcaaatgctgcgcgttaggga
>DMU42204 2496 Real 8. site
cacgcaaatgctgcgcgttagggagttcattcgctttcaccaggtattgagcacgcacatcctataagtatagaactgagcacctattcctattctgcagataccgaacccgctcaggcagagactggaggagtactttcagcacgcctggacctgtaataccatctgacctccttcctcttccctagcctaataataac
>DMU42204 2618 Real 9. site
gactggaggagtactttcagcacgcctggacctgtaataccatctgacctccttcctcttccctagcctaataataactaataatccactgccctttcagatacgaatggcatcgacatgaactcgctgctcaagggattccccgagtgcctgcaagccgacatttgcctgcatttgaacagaaagctactgacgacatg
>DMU42204 2811 Real 10. site
cgacatgtgccgctttctcggaggcaagtcctggttgcctacggtgagtttgtgtccaagcgaaccagtatggaaaatgaacgagtacttgaacttgcagagcgttctcccttaagtttaaaaccacccatgcaccgcctggcgatatcctagtccaccgaggagatgtgctcacctcattgtacttcatagccagggga
>DMU42204 3175 Real 11. site
tttccgtacattcagagttaactttaattactactgcataagaagttatagttcgttggcatttgcaattgataattaatcaaaactcctcttgctcaaggtaaaaacgatatatttggcgagaatccgtgtatatacccaacggtcggaaagtcgaacggcgtggtgagagcactgacatactgtgatatccacaaact
>DMU42204 3435 Real 12. site
tagcaacctggtaatcacctataacatgagagatgtgagtaagcggacctcgttgcagtgagtgcataactgaacggtggccatatcctgttcctttcaggacgagcactctggcgtcgatatcaagcaccgctacctgagagcaaagtcctccgacaaaatgaggagctctcctgacataccctctataagaatgtaag
>DMU42204 3582 Real 13. site
gtcctccgacaaaatgaggagctctcctgacataccctctataagaatgtaagcgaataccacgttgcgggagaatgctgtcttacgtacttcttttcagagtcgggctgcgttataagaaacaaaatgttaatacttctgtgcataaagttaagaatgataactcccgagaccttaatatctttatagaaaacgaaatc
>AF018985 218 Real 1. site
cttcggatgcagtatttattgatattcttgacaaagtggtttgtttcttctttaaacaattgtagtttacaatgaagcttaaacatttgtatttctacaggaaaacgcaatacacaatgctgctcaagtgggaattggctttgctaagccctttgaaaaattgatcaatccgaagtaattctxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
>DMU03986 119 Real 1. site
gcaccgttatatgaaagcttttcagaatgggtgaaataaatggtaaattatattagctatgcgaatttccaatattgataaaaatgccattgcatttaagcactcagctgcgttggacaggacgatgtcgtttccctgcgcatcgtgtgcaccatggctcgcgacggcaagcagcacaacctcgaggatgtggacatgta
>DMU03986 578 Real 2. site
actcaattggattcgaggggcgtgcaagaaactcaaacagtgcatggttagtaaaaatcaagtgtatttatatagtaacattaaagtaaatttatttcaggtctgggagttgcagagctgcgtggaatgattaaagctgcaggacgcttagataagcgcaatgtgcgctctcctcccacttttattagcaatcgtctgcg
>DROARF3B 602 Real 1. site
tttcaatacgtacaccagtactatcactaatcgaattcgagctattttgtttatacatcctttgcgtgtctaaagtaatattgtttttgtccacccacagcgattctgtacaaactgaaactcggccaatctgttacaacgatagggactgtgggctttaatgtggaaaccgtcacctataagaatgtcaagttcaatgt
>DROARF3B 959 Real 2. site
gacgccatcatactgatatttgctaacaagcaggatctgcctgatggttagtatagtgcttagccaattgtttccatccgcttattgttctctcttgcagcaatgaaaccccatgaaatccaggaaaaactaggtttaactagaataagagatcgcaattggtatgtacaaccatcatgtgccacatccggcgatggcct
>DMGLASS 5482 Real 1. site
ggagcaaaaatgtatccatgagatacgcgctgctggcgagcatctctggtgtacttccactgattttcatgctgttttttttttttttttggctgcgcagattccctggaagatcaagagggtggagctatgtacatatcgtgcgatgtctcaaacggcggtcctgtggaaccagagacgggctatgtgcccaacaatcc
>DMGLASS 6092 Real 2. site
gtttccactaactaactattttgtcttagttacgtattagtactaactgaatgtatttcataaccggtctcaatctccatttccgttttcgctcgtgcaggaagagtgcgccgcttcctgcgtcggctgcctatcctgccagggcagcaccgccctgcccatctcctcgctcaccagcagcgacttcgactgcggcggct
>DMGLASS 7981 Real 3. site
atgctaaagatgaaaattaccccttaaaaaaggcttaggcccccaaagagcagtcctggaaggttatacatcgagttaattgcttttttggtgtccacagattttcgcagtcggggaacttgaatcggcacatgcgcgtccacggcaacaacaacagcagcaatggcagcaatggggcaaccggagttggtggagagtcc
>DROCOL4G 1915 Real 1. site
agagctgccaatcgaagagagctatgtccaattaaatagctagactgataagacgaagcacagttcctaaccctcctgatcttcgtcgacttctttgcaggctgctatacgccgctgtgatcgcgggagcgttagtcggtgccgacgctgtaagataaccgtagcccatgccatccatctggacattgaataatatactc
>DROCOL4G 2028 Real 2. site
gctgtgatcgcgggagcgttagtcggtgccgacgctgtaagataaccgtagcccatgccatccatctggacattgaataatatactccttttccccgcagcaattttggaagacggctggtacggccggttcgattcaggactccgtgaaacactacaatcgaaatgaacccaagttcccaatcgacgacagttacgaca
>DROCOL4G 3050 Real 3. site
gtctgcccggcggcccaggcgatcgcgtaagtcgagttcatacttaaggctccaaatcgaagtggaagttgaaacctctatatgaaatatatacgtacagggtcgccaaggtaactttggacccccaggatctacaggacaaaagggagatcgtggcgagccgggccttaatggtctgcccggtaatcccggacagaagg
>DROCOL4G 3672 Real 4. site
tcctagcactcagtcgagtcccactgtggagccgagtcctgttcttactttccttcattaaagatcttatttaattcgaattaattttcgttcgtcctagttatcccggactaaagggtagcaagggagagcgcggcttcaagggcaatgctggtgctcccggtgactccaagctgggtcgtcctggaactcccggtgcc
>DROCOL4G 5185 Real 5. site
cggaaagcgcggacctgctggtattcccggagtttccggtaagtttttgcagtatcccattcgaacatttgatgtgaaccatttggtttcatttgttcaggtgccaagggtgacaagggcgcttctggcttgactggcaacgatggacctgtgggaggccgcggtcctccaggtgctcctggactgatgggcattaaggg
>DROCOL4G 6236 Real 6. site
gcagaaacggacgtcaaggtgagtttgtgatcccatatttgtatttacacaattggttcatataaccatgtcaccaatcaacgttatttaacccattcaggtcttattggagcacccggcttaattggagaacgtggtctgcctggcttgccggagagccgcctcgtgggcctgcctggacccattggaccagctggcag
>DROCOL4G 7637 Real 7. site
caatagttttaattttcaacctttattcctaatacttgtgggattttaaatagttcttttataatgatgctaatattaacccaaccatttcctataatagcacactgccgtgggcaacggtggcggtggacaggcgctgcaatcgcctggctcctgtttggaggacttccgtgcaacgcccttcatcgagtgcaacggcg
>DMSGS5 531 Real 1. site
tatgcaaatcgagagcgaccagcgcaaaaaggagggtagatcccgtaagtaaattaaccagttaagcaaaatgtattttatttataacttgtaaatacagcatttgtgcccgttacggaggaactctgccgttccttcatctgcaaaaagtgcagcgtgggtttccccgtggttgctgaattccccattccggctccctg
>DMSGS5 779 Real 2. site
tttgtgccacctgctgaaattctcagcggagaacagcaagcgtaagtccaaagaattggttccaaattatcggtaatatatacattttgtatctttacagcattcctgacttattcctattgttggcccttctaagtgaggtggattcagttggatcacgttactaatatctttgtttgtttgttttattattttgttga
>DMU43737 355 Real 1. site
tgggagccaataatgaagacctgattcgccaactgaagggtgagcccttgaattcgcaccgtttaatgggccgagttaataatagaaccgaatccccaagatcacggcgtcattgcaagtgatgcggtggcccaggcgatgaaggaaaccgaccgcaagcactactctccgcgcaacccctacatggacgccccgcaacc
>DMU43737 744 Real 2. site
ctagttcttcactcccgtagcttcttcccatcatattcttataatttctgaaagtaaagtgtcttttttaaactggagattaattacatttttcctttagcatgccttcgccttggagtatctacgcgaccacttgaagcccggtgcacgtatactggatgtgggctctggatctggctacctcacagcctgcttctatc
>DMU43737 1366 Real 3. site
atataataatatacataataatatataataatatacataataatatataataatatacataataatatataataatatataataatataacattttacagtacgacaaggacgccaatgggaaggtggagatgacacgtctcatgggcgtaatgtacgtccctctcacggatcttcgctcctgactgcacagagtgggaa
>DROGAS02 676 Real 1. site
acacttctcctgcaagcagctgcacttcaagtgagttgtcattaattgcccacttccggttgattcgattctaatggttatgttttttttttcgccacagacttttcgatgtgggcggccagcgatcggagcgcaaaaagtggattcattgcttcgagggcgttacggccataatcttctgcgtcgcgctatcaggtaag
>DROGAS02 831 Real 2. site
gagggcgttacggccataatcttctgcgtcgcgctatcaggtaagtcaaatattctacgaatctgaggaatctgatggcaattgttatatatttcgttaggttacgatctagttttggccgaggacgaagagatgaatcgcatgattgagtccctgaagctgttcgattccatctgcaactccaagtggtttgtggaaac
>DROGAS02 1076 Real 3. site
gatcaagagatcaccgctgacgatatgcttcccagagtacacaggtaagacaagagtgtagaaaacgattacatttttgtttaacttgatatacttttaggaaccaacaccttcgaggaggcggccaattacattcgcatgaagttcgaaaacctgaacaagcgaaaagaccaaaaggagatctacacgcatctcacctg
>DROFASI 7090 Real 1. site
atcctagatccaccacccactactccatcccactcggttcgataagatattggcaatagagcgacgcgaatgagtgtaacgaacccgtttatctttgcagttctacagcctgctggagagcaatcaaattgccaactcaacgctttcgctgcgcagctgcacgatctttgtgcccaccaatgaagccttccagcgctaca
>DROFASI 7304 Real 2. site
catgtgctctatcacattagtgagttcagtttcaatcaggctgattaaaaataataaaaatcaaaataacatgactctaccctctgattactctttgcagccactgaggcgtacacccagaaacgactgccgaataccgtgtcatcggacatggccggcaatccaccgctgtacatcacaaagaactcgaatggcgacat
>DROFASI 7545 Real 3. site
agacaaacagcgatggcaagcggcaggtcagtggccccacatatgcatatgttgcatttcatagagtgattgaacaactctcttcattacttaccgacagatcatgcacatcatcgacgaggtactggagccgctcaccgtcaaggctggccattcggatacccccaacaatccgaatgctctcaagttcctgaagaacg
>DROFASI 7843 Real 4. site
acgttcctggttcccgtcgatgaaggcttcaaggtgcttttctagtttaattgcattatttgttacgcattgtaatctcactgttgctttatgactccagctctcggctcgcagcagcctcgtggacggcaaggtcatcgatggccatgtgataccaaacactgtcatcttcactgccgctgcccagcatgacgatccca
>DROFASI 8089 Real 5. site
cttcaagcagaagaacggcaaaagtaagattgcactaaagacataccattttactaaaggtttacgaatgattgtatggttgatataattttacttgcagtgtacgtcaagtcaaacaccattgtgggtgatgccaaacaccgcgtgggcgtggttctggccgagatcgtgaaggcgaacatcccagtgagcaacggagt
>DROFASI 9814 Real 6. site
taattgtacttaaaactacaaaacacaatccaacccaaccacatatcgctcgaaattgaatcggtgcacccaaatattgaaacaaaaccaaaacgttcagtcgttcaaggtaaacaacagactcaaaatccgattttaattttaagttgttcggtttcttttgacttgcattttgttttgcatcccctgctattttagct
>DROFASI 10989 Real 7. site
caccgtttatttatttatatgcattttgttttaaggtacttcaaatagcattatgatatgttcattggtattaattttgcaatctatcttgaaggagaaggagaatgctgagaacggagctctgcgcaagttctacgaagttataatggacaatggtggagcagttctggacgacatcaatagcctgacagaagtgacca
>DROFASI 11210 Real 8. site
cttggaactcctcgaacatcaacaatgttttgcggtaatgttgctcaaatcgggaagataatatttaattatcataataataaataaatacatcttacagagatcggaataagatgaggcagatcctgaacatgcatatcatcaaggaccgcttaaatgtggacaagatcaggcagaaaaatgcaaatttggtgagcttt
>DROFASI 11364 Real 9. site
aaatgtggacaagatcaggcagaaaaatgcaaatttggtgagctttacatgagcttataatcaaatggaaattttttacaaacaccattcttttcaaaagattgcccaggtgcccactgtcaacaacaacactttcctgtacttcaacgttcgcggtgagggatcggataccgtgataacagttgagggaggcggcgtga
>DROFASI 11644 Real 10. site
actacagttcttggcaaacttgaatccgatcccatgatgaggtatgttcaattttaaagctttattagtacgctgtttaaattttatcgtattccttaagtgacacctataagatgggaaaattctcgcactttaatgaccagctgaacaacacacaacgccgcttcacctactttgtgcccagggacaagggctggcag
>DROFASI 11871 Real 11. site
cacaagaagctttttatggccgacttttcctatcatgtaggtttttcaccctaagcctattaggcttttctattatactcaaaatgttttgtaaccgcagtccaagtccattctggagcgtcatttggctatttcggataaggagtacaccatgaaggatctggttaagttttcgcaagaatcgggcagcgtaatcctac
>DROFASI 12428 Real 12. site
gctcgctcattgggcaatccactagcattaaccacccatcgattgcataccaattttctattgtctagtggctattaacaacgattacttccatttgcaggctatgtgatcatttggaactacaagaagatcaacgtataccggcccgatgttgagtgcaccaacggaattatccacgtcatcgactacccactcctgga
>DROROUGH 7145 Real 1. site
acacactgaatggtgcggggtttacataactaataagctgattccaactagatattatatacgtattaattgtaaggatatcaatgtatttgactttcagtggctcgcaggcgacgcaaggagggaagacaacgccgccagaggaccactttcagcacagagcagacgcttcgcctggaggtggagttccatcggaacga
>DROROUGH 7743 Real 2. site
ttagacgatatcatttttttccatatttttgtttttttttttttgtgccggagggggttgctcgaaattattttgtacattgatgtaatcaatttttcagaaactttgtcgtggccaatggttttatgagctctataatgggtcaggctgccacgaccatgccccccggaggcgtcactgggggcgtggcggtgggcgtg
>DMMTOG 1160 Real 1. site
tagatacatacaagatggtttgcaagggttgtggaacaagtaagtggtacaacgcagcagcaagctgtataattgacaatcgttctcgattcctcgacagactgccagtgctcggcccaaaagtgcggggacaactgcgcctgcaacaaggattgccagtgcgtttgcaagaatgggcccaaggaccagtgctgcagcaa
>DROGLTFAC 1187 Real 1. site
ttttataataattaattcctgccgtaatgcaacgcgtaagttgtgtagagacagtcaggcactaggtgaaaacatcaatttaacaaaatcattgttccagggcattgactcctttttcaaacggctgccggccaaggcgaaaagtgccgaggccgaaaatggagagacgccgtcgaaggcgccaaaacgcaggaaagccg
>DROGLTFAC 2645 Real 2. site
gcttccactttcaaagttatatatttattatacgtcacaatttgaaactgaaagccaaacaggagagggttaaagttttacattattttaattttcctaggctgatgaactggttgtccaagtggtatgttaaccatgatggaaacaagaagccccaacggcccaatccttgggccaagaacgacgacggcagcttctac
>DROGLTFAC 3547 Real 3. site
gtgcagcaaaactatctgcaggtcctaccacagggaaacaaagtaagtctagtttacctaagccaagggcgtacccattcaccaacttcactctttgcagaaggatgtcctggcaaaggtggcagctacggcagatgccctaagcttgggtgaccttgttgaaaagcgtattcgtgcgaattctgcttggagtcttctac
>DMHGSG2 679 Real 1. site
cgggcttcattccagccagcatcaatataccctgtaataaactactttccctagtatttgctttattaccatttgttttattactattttttttacttagtggatgaactggacaaggctctaaatctggatggatctgcttttaaaaacaagtacggaagatcgaaaccggagaagcagtcgccaatcatattcacctg
>DMHGSG2 911 Real 2. site
aaattgccaaaagtcagggatacagcaagtgagctttaaaagtttattatagttgcaatactttatatcggatacatatacatatgtatgctcattttagtgtggtgatctacaaaggctcctggaatgaatgggctcaaaaggagggactttaacgataaacgtcgctatatttctgaataaatgaagattaatattaa
>DRODOXA2 626 Real 1. site
tcgtcagattgagaagggggtagcctcgaaagagtcgcggtgagtagtgcaagaattaaaatcttgtcccttccttattatggctcatttccgccaacagcttcatcctgcgcgtccttcgcaatttgcccaacactcgtcgcaagctgaacggcgtcgtcttccggaatcttgcacagagtatttaccccgctggtgca
>DMU20542 1208 Real 1. site
cataacactgctgcgcgatgatacaaatgctgagcaggttggtccctaccagctgtccaagtagtttcgcttactaattgttgaaattcttcgtcctcagcgcactgcgaccaccggctacgtgctcaagcgcctgatccgctccacaggagcagatgacatgaagacggtgagcctggccgccagttacatacactgca
>DMU20542 1638 Real 2. site
gtgtccctgtgtggtgatatcctggcggtctcctttaaacaggttggtgcttaagcttttctgaaggagattgactacagtttcttatgattttacgtagctacccgctgcgatcttcgaggagtacgtgtggccacttctgcaacccgagctaaacaagccgttgagtggcttgaaagtgaacacttgcgatgtcttgc
>DMU20542 2979 Real 3. site
tatctgccgtaagaatgcactgcaaaagagcaaggagcaagtaagtagagaacctatacttcaatgtcatcctaaatctaaaataactggtttgctctaggttaacgaagagctcaaatggcaggacgtgcttacagatgccctactccagttacttttgcaaacaggtcacttctggcgggagtttgttcaactggtgg
>DMCZSUDMA 1205 Real 1. site
taatcagtgcttctgctcactattatacacaacttgtgtcttatcagtattcgagtattatctgaagcgttataacccaatcccttcatcccgtccacagagcagcggtacgcccgtgaaggtctccggtgaggtgtgcggcctggccaagggtctgcacggattccacgtgcacgagttcggtgacaacaccaatggct
>DMU63556 609 Real 1. site
agaaattctactttgaggagtcctactacactgtaagtggatatagcactggctgaagttgtgcctctccctaatcactgatcattgtgatcccttccagcactacgacatgtacatgaagaagttcttcgaggcctacaaggctcacgccctgctgcccaagggcgagttcttcggcgccctggtcatgtcccacgcca
>DMSSRP2GN 3047 Real 1. site
atcgaggtcaagccaaatgattgtagtgtattgttgtagcccatcgactggcatccgccactaataatgctaatgaactcatcaaccaactattgatcagcaaacaattcaacactatcagcagcaattggctgctcagcaacaacaacaagtacaacagcaacagttgcaacaacaccaggtggtcgtccagcagaatc
>DMSSRP2GN 3631 Real 2. site
gaatatgccacatgcttacattagcccttagtcagcagctaatcccgtttccgttcttgatctctttctcgttctcgttttcgtggccaaaaaccaacagagccccatgagcagagtcaaggccgatgccaagcccagaggccgaatgaccgcctacgcatactttgtacaaacttgcagagaggagcacaaaaagaagc
>DMSSRP2GN 3866 Real 3. site
cggaagtgcgccgaacggtggaaggtaagtaaatgaaatgatcaaatgacgtaaggactccttgttttaaagtggattgccatctatcccgttcgtctagacaatggtggacaaggagaagaagcgcttccacgaaatggccgagaaggacaagcagcgatatgaggcggaaatgcagaactatgtgccgcccaagggag
>DMSSRP2GN 4159 Real 4. site
ttatacgctatagtgcatacaaatcaatgtgactgcaagagatatgaagcgaatcagatcaataatgatgtttactatgctctattctgccgctgtttaggtctgcgttcttctggttctgcaatgacgagagaaataaggtgaaggcacttaatcccgagttcggagtgggcgacatcgccaaagagctgggacgaaag
>DMSSRP2GN 4405 Real 5. site
ccgagcgggacaaggctcgatatgaacgcgtaggtttttaaggatatatacatgaccacttggattgacccgatcacatgtgcacttttgcctttaataggagatgaccgagtacaagacgagcgggaaaatagccatgtccgcaccgtcgatgcaggcgtcgatgcaggcgcaggcacagaaagccgcgttacttgccg
>DRODEADA 358 Real 1. site
gtttaataaaaaccgtgtagataatggaattatttactgttaacaggtaactaaacttgtgtttattacctacagtcattttaaatcaattacaccccagatataccgaggatttgaaagaacaaaaagatggggcccaaggcaccaacaacgaggatgaaatactgcaaaaattgcttaagaaggctgcaaaacgcaaa
>DRODEADA 1239 Real 2. site
aaatactactccaaggcagacattgtggtgaccacaccaggtgagttaaacaaaccgagagaagtcttgtagtttcattatgtatgtaattttcttacaggccgcttggttgaccatttgcacgccacgaaagggttctgcctgaagagcctaaaatttctggtcattgacgaggccgatcgaataatggatgcagtttt
>DROOTUA 1623 Real 1. site
tccgcttcatgaccctaaaacgacgcatctttgagaaggtaggcctctaacaatcacacattttgtaaaaaaaaaagaaataattttatttatatcccaggaaattcctggcgatttcgatagctacatgcaggacatgtccaagcccaagacatatggaaccatgacagaactacgcgctatgtcctgcctatatcggt
>DROOTUA 1788 Real 2. site
gacagaactacgcgctatgtcctgcctatatcggtaattaatccttagttactattttctattaaactacaaatatatatgatttctgtacgacttccagccgcaatgttatcctgtatgagccctacaacatgggcaccagcgtcgtttttaatcgtcgctatgcggaaaacttccgtgtcttcttcaacaatgagaat
>DROOTUA 2000 Real 3. site
gtttatgacgttgaatatatagaaagagccgccatttgtcaatgtacgtagcctattaatatatccaattttgctttttgtatatgtacgttgctttcagcaatcgcctttaagttgctgtaccagaagcttttcaaattgcctgacgtatcctttgctgtggagattatgttgcatccacacaccttcaattgggatcg
>DROOTUA 2449 Real 4. site
gtgtccaaaccgattggagtcctgtgtccgccagctgctagatgatggtcagtagaggtggtttcaaacatcaaatgcttacataatactctctttttaggtatctctccgtttccctacaaagtggccaagtccatggacccctatatgtatcgtaatatagaatttgattgctggaacgatatgcgcaaggaggccaa
>DROOTUA 3169 Real 5. site
tgatctgcaagggctaaaaatgttcggtatccgaagctaattgtaactatttcgctttaatagagagcttactaatatacaaacatatctgttggcttaggtcccgtatgaatcgctccatcccctgccgccagatgagtaccgcccatggtcgttgccattccgctatcatcgccagatgcctcgcttgccgttgccca
>DROOTUA 4482 Real 6. site
caccacagctagggggagcagctcaaggacaggtaggagtgatacatgcactaacaaattcaaaatattctataggcaatcgacactcgaccatttttagactccctacgcctggggcatgccagctccggtggtgtccccctatgaggtgatcaacaactataacatggacccgtcggctcagccacaacaacagcagc
>AF068257 934 Real 1. site
cagatgctgctgttcatcaaccagcgactggtggagtccacaggtttgtgagtctaaacatcttctcattcagaaaacgaatccaatatatatcccctagctctcaggacctccgtggactcgatttatgccacatacctgccccgtggccaccatcctttcgtatatatgagcctgacgctgccgccacagaacttgga
>AF079459 612 Real 1. site
gaggtggtggtcaacgaccgagtggtcacaatgcaggtaagcactatgaacttccagtaatcctatttcagtgacataactcgcaaaatttcaataacagatctgggacactgctggtcaggaacgcttccagtcgcttggagtggcgttttaccgcggagccgactgctgcgtgcttgtctacgatgtgacggcgccca
>AF079459 1030 Real 2. site
caagttatagccaagaatgcgttagagttggaggcggaggtaagaaatcctatttaaatattgttttccatactaaatcgaactttgtactttcacacaggctgaagttatcaacgatttccccgatcagattaccttgggctcgcaaaacaatcgtcctggcaatcctgacaactgtcagtgctaatgtaacaacaacg
>DMCALRET 846 Real 1. site
tggccgccatgtggtcctccgctccccttcaatgaataacgaaaggagagacaataaaaatagaagaataataaaagcactcccccgcttgttcccgtagaaaactgggaggatacgtggatctacagcaaacatcctggcaaggagttcggaaaattcgtcctcacccccggtaccttctacaacgatgctgaggccga
>DMCALRET 1217 Real 2. site
gtgtacgttttcgagtagctatagtaactgtatacacattttttctcgccccccacctccgcggcgcgcattcgtattgatgtggacacacattatgtaggcattcagacctctcaggatgctcgattctacgcggccagccgcaagtttgatggcttctccaacgaggacaagcccctcgtggtgcagttctccgtgaa
>DMCALRET 1782 Real 3. site
acgatagggtaagttgtaaatccccgcccaaatcagactttagcccatcgaaaaaccggtttggctcattgttattaaacaacaacgtaaatctctgtaggccaccattcccgatcccgatgacaagaagcccgaggactgggacaaaccagagcacattcccgacccagatgccacaaagcctgaggattgggacgatg
>DMPER 4101 Real 1. site
tcatctgcgccactccgatcaagagcagctacaagggtgagtatctgtgcccgttttggtttcatccagccatctaaccatcgatctctgccccccccagttcccgacgagattctctcacagaagagccccaagttcgccatacgccacacggccaccgggatcatatcgcacgtggacagcgcggcggtcagtgcact
>DMPER 4520 Real 2. site
gctggaatttgtcgtcggacaccatcgcgtctttcagggtgagttcgcgtgccgacccagtgatccaatgatcctctaaacaggtcatttcaccttccaggacccaagcagtgcaacgtcttcgaggcggcgcccacatgtaagctgaagatatcggaggaggcacagagccggaacacgcgaatcaaggaggatatcgt
>DMPER 5329 Real 3. site
aggcacaggcacaggcactggaacaggcaatggaacaaattccggcaccggaaccggcaccgccagctcatccaaaggcggaacgccgccataccgccagtcacgctgaccgaatccctgctcaataagcacaacgacgagatggagaagttcatgctgaagaagcaccgcgagtcgcgcggacggacgggtgagaagag
>DMPER 6322 Real 4. site
caatccgcgtacaacaagtcggtgtacacggtaagtcagtggccggtggtgcctcaccgaactgtcttaactccaactccaactccatactcgtccatagaccacgccggcgtccatgacgaagaaggtgccgggtgcattccactcggtcaccactcctgcccaggtgcagcgtccctcctcgcagagcgcatccgtca
>DMPER 6623 Real 5. site
ccgccctgcagcagcagcaatcccgccaacaacaaggtatgctatacgaatgaggtccattggtgattggtcattatgaagaacatggtctcatccacagaaatacacggacagcaatgggaatagcgacgacatggatggctccagcttctcctccttctactcgtccttcatcaagaccacggacggatcggagagtc
>DMPER 6822 Real 6. site
ccgccggacaccgaaaaggaccccaagcaccgaaagctgaaggtacgtacagttcagtccacgatgcgattcaaagtaagccatttccgttcttttgcagagcatgagcacatctgagagcaagatcatggagcacccggaggaggaccagacacagcacggggatgggtagtagccacacccgcagttgctgctgaccg
>DMFBP1 1642 Real 1. site
tggaaggataactacgaatcaggacagggtccagggtattggtaatgtggtaaagcgcaattgaaaggatttatatactatttattttcccttttcgcagaccgcatgtccttggaggatctgcagctccaaaagtttatcctggatatcgtccagaatattcgtcagcctctgcagcagagtgagctcatcaatctaga
>DRODHORO 1238 Real 1. site
ggatcaggatcacttaaagaatgctaaaaacgccacgcggagagttgtgagtaaagtacggcttaaacgggaccggattacagaatgattccgcccacagggtcgtttgcggtcgctgggaatcgttacagtcggaggagctgccttggtggcgggcattacggcatacaagaaccaggaccagttgttccggaccttcg
>DMLETHAL2 2450 Real 1. site
cccagcatcctttggtgcttgttcagaatgagaaaggcgattaccagggtaagttacctcatcgctgtgttagacctatctaaccctgttccaattgcaggcttcaatatcttccagggcagcaagccccttgatccggtcaccgttggcttcactattcgtgtccagctacagcacaccgatggcttcggttcccttcc
>DMU07799 458 Real 1. site
gactgcaaagatgtctgctaccgagggcaaggtgagtgcagcaactggaattttaattagcagaaacacacccaggctgtcaatcaacaatcaatcacaggttatcacatgcaaggccgccgtcgcttgggaggcaaagaagccgctggtcatcgaggatatcgaggtggcgccgcccaaggctcatgaggttagttcag
>DMU07799 618 Real 2. site
atcgaggtggcgccgcccaaggctcatgaggttagttcagttcggaatgtgtcaaatgtgacagatttaactaattaccattatggcatgacttcaaaaggtgcgcatcaagatcacggccacgggcgtctgccacacggatgccttcaccctgagcggtgccgatccggagggcctgttcccagtggtgttgggacatg
>DROOSKAR 995 Real 1. site
taacttttatagtttagtatatttattttaatttatattttttctatgtttcttttttgtaagattacccttaaataattctataattgaaattcgccaggtgaatatcgaaaactgacgggcaatccatttccactgcacgacaacgtgacggatttcctgctgaccattcccaatgtgaccgctgagtgcagcgagtc
>DROOSKAR 1508 Real 2. site
catctgtgagtactgaaaaggtgttttgtagacagtgcaactatagcaaaaataaacctttacttaacaaaatgtactaatctttctactgaactcctagcaacaatttctaccagcaagccagcgtaaatgcgccaaaaatgccagtacccatcaacatctacagccccgatgccccagaggaaccaatcaatttggct
>DROOSKAR 2331 Real 3. site
aatcaacgaaaggggcgtggtgcgatttgattgctttcaggcgtaagactttataccatataccatatcatatgagtttacgatttgtgccacttttcagctcaccacgccaagtcaccggttccaaggaaccctatctgttctggaacaaaatcggtcggcagcgcgtactgcaagttattgaaacgagtctggagtat
>DMBTDGN 1223 Real 1. site
attacaatttagtattccgatagcaggtgtacccattaagtaaatgattaaaaaaaaccaaattaaccattctctgtcttcatttcttttctccatctagaagtcagtttccatatgcccagtacgcctccgattattacggcaatgcggtgggcatgtcctcctcggccgcttggttctcgcatcaggagcgcctctat
>DMU18401 172 Real 1. site
gatgcgggaaattgtgcctcgtcggcctgccttggagatgtaagctcataatcccccaaactattcataattatcaacgaaagtcgttgtgtgtgtgcagtgcaaaggcgacggaaagacggccattaaggaagaaggctacgagcatttgcgcaagatcttcattggcggcctatccactcagacgaccgtggaaacgc
>DMU18401 493 Real 2. site
tgtccaaagggcacgtccccacaccattgataataagtgagtagttctctaataatctttcgctgccctaattctataaaaagttgattaattaatttagaattgtggagaccaagcacgcactgccacgtcaagatttcaaaaggggtggcggcgttggttccgttgtcggaagttttggctgtgaagccggtttcatg
>DMU18401 889 Real 3. site
gtttctcatttattgaaagtcatcgtgcatttttttcaactacctttaagtatgatatagattaaaatctgatgataacgctgcttgctttgattttcagcaccgcgcaagcactggattcttcagacattggtggaggtgaagagatccacccagaaggccgacaggcgttttcggttccccatatttagctcggttcg
>DMU18401 1672 Real 4. site
acaccaccctacggttcatttttttccttaaaatttaatttaaatttaaatttaatttaagaaagagaaaagaatctaaagtatctttttattcttgcaggtatctaagtggcggacgatggaacgcagttaaacccaatttactgccacagtttaatgctattactacaataatttgcaggcgattccgttcaagatat
>DMU63857 15192 Real 1. site
gaatgtgctaaagtcctttttttagattcattagccaagttcctatgatttatttgctccaaactcacccgcaatatccttcttttccgtttgcttgcagatagtaaaatcgacgatcgatttccgcaccaccatcggtttcggctgcacttcgacgtgaagagcattcccgccgacgagaagctgaaggcggcggagct
>DMU64721 337 Real 1. site
tcaaattgggctccacagcaattggaatttgcacgccagaaggtatgttctttgctggcataagtacacgcggagatctaatggtaaaattgcattccaggagtggttttggcggtggagaagcgcatcacttcgccgctaatggtacccagtactgtggagaagattgtggaggtggacaagcacattggttgcgccac
>DROSO7LESA 1986 Real 1. site
cgcaggcctcacgggatgctctcaacaatctcctgtctaagccaggggtaagtattgataccttctgtgcgaagaattctactaaaatccctgcttttaggcctcatctctgaccacagccggccatggcttccgcgatgcggtcaaatactatttgcccaagctgcttctggtgcccatttgccatgccttcgtgtatt
>DROSO7LESA 2406 Real 2. site
caaggacgtgggccagaattgcaatgaatttattcgcggtaagtgctggcaacgaaagttacttgcatcctccaactaaaatggtatttcaaatttacagaggattcgctgagcaaacttggatcgggaaaacgaatctggagcgagcgcaaggtattcctcttcgacgggctaatggtgctatgcaaggcaaacaccaa
>DROSO7LESA 3393 Real 3. site
tgggtggattccgtgcttaagattgttcagagaaaggtgagtagttggtcaacagcataatgtggaagtatcgttatcatttttcaaatattatttacagaacgagcaggagaaaagcaataaaaagattgtatacgcctatggccacgatccgccgcccattgagcatcaccttagtgtacccaacgacgagataacgc
>DROSO7LESA 4304 Real 4. site
gcattgagccaaggggctgcaagacagtgccgaaattcgtaagtataatgcttcaaagtttacaagtcatataggaaatttaaccattttcctttcgtagcctcgaaaatggccgcacattccgctcaaatcgccgggcatcaagccgcgtcgccagaatcagaccaacagcagtagcaagctgtcgaacagcacgtcgt
>DROSO7LESA 5263 Real 5. site
cgcaaaagcgtcaggcgccagacgcacccacagtaagtagcctcacttacttctaatttgtagtagcagatgacagcaatcattttacgtatccttgcagttacccccgcgtgatggcgaactcagtccgccgccgataccgccacggctcaaccattccacgggcatcagctacttgcgacaaagccacggcaagagca
>DROSO7LESA 5962 Real 6. site
acctagtctaagcgctaacttctataacaatccaggtgagtgctaccaactcggcccgtgataacgtgtttcctaacccaaccatcctatccgtttgcagataaaggtacgatgtttctttacccaagtacaaacgaagaataatttaaattgcctggcgatgtgataaggacgaaaactacgagtatgatccgtaagat
>DMMGN 630 Real 1. site
gacgatctgccctggccgccaccagatcgcgtgggtcgacaggtcggtttgccgcactccgtaactagagctcaactaaacaaccatgtgtctttttcaggaactggagatcgtcatcggagacgagcacatctcgttcaccacctcgaaaacgggatcattggtggacgtgaaccggtcaaaagatcccgagggcctgc
>DMU15928 2391 Real 1. site
tcaaggtggatcgacagaaattggagcagttaataaaaggtaatgcctttatatataaaaataatagattccttattatacattgccttttttctgatagcggagagctccattgagggaatgaatggagctgaatattttttccatgacgtgagacatatttttaagttttgggcacctattagcttcacactttcttt
>DMU15928 2757 Real 2. site
cagtgtataacccaatttgttttaagatactgttaggaccgactcttttgacttgatataaaagaattcgccatatatccaaaacatattcttttactagatcatgaacactacggatacttatgtgagctggccttgcagactcaaaattggtgccaagagcaagaagggtaggatattgaaatattttcaatgttcaa
>DMU15928 2889 Real 3. site
gccttgcagactcaaaattggtgccaagagcaagaagggtaggatattgaaatattttcaatgttcaagagtatttttcaaataaatccataatttaaagatccccatgtgcgaattgtgggaaaggtggatcaggttcagcgggcaaaggagcgcatccttagcagtcttgactccagggtgagtgagccaaagcataa
>DMU15928 3034 Real 4. site
caaaggagcgcatccttagcagtcttgactccagggtgagtgagccaaagcataatacaaacttatctgttttaattgttacccatttttctccgaacagggcactcgagtgatcatgaaaatggacgtcagctacacggatcactcgtacatcatcggacgaggtggcaacaacatcaagcgcataatggacgacacgc
>DMU15928 3806 Real 5. site
aatttggcaaccttaaattacaaccaaggatttttgtaaacagttttttcgttgctcttaattattattgaatatattttaaagatttttcctctttcaggtcatattctccacgcgtccaaaattgcatacctcgctggttttggtcaagggatccgagaaggaatcggcgcaggtccgagatgccacgcagctgctga
>DMU15928 3993 Real 6. site
acgcagctgctgatcaacttcgcctgtgagagcattgcggtaggttcgagaaggtataactcaaaataaggctcatcagcgaatcctttttcctttttagagccaaatcctggtgaatgtccagatggagatctcgccgcagcatcacgaaatcgtcaagggcaagaacaacgtgaatctgctgagcattatggagcgaa
>DMU15928 4568 Real 7. site
ccatattttccttactttttagatatattatacaatttaagatatttagcaagtgctgaattaaatttccgtattaatccgttgttgtcaccctccttagacaaaatctacgaggcccgccaggagatcctgcgcctggccacaccattcgtgaagcccgagatccccgactactacttcatgccaaaggacaaagacct
>DMU15928 5924 Real 8. site
agataaagttacataaagttcaacatccatatagcatttaaaatcaaactattttatatttacaacctgggaaaactacagtttttatttctcctttcagaaatattcgttctaaacgaaatcgacctggaggtgttcaccaccctgaccgaggaaaacctgatggagctgggtatcgcggcgtttggagctcgcaagaa
>DROLAMB2A 4957 Real 1. site
tgttctttctttagtaaactttcagttgtacgagtaattacatatatattttaatttgtaggtattaaattattattattattgcttttttattccttagaaatgtctgccagaatttatcaatgctgcctatcaactgcaaattgagtcaactaatacctgtggtgagcagaatgacaaccacttctgcatacaaacca
>DROLAMB2A 5154 Real 2. site
ccatgaaccaaaatcacaaaaactgcgaattttgcaagttagtaaagaaaaagtcctacaattccttcataaataattaatttaaaaaatttgtttatagatacaatgatcataatccatccttcttgacggatttgcatgatccgcaaagtccaacgtggtggcaatcggagaccatgttcgagggcattcagcacccg
>DROLAMB2A 5348 Real 3. site
cacccgaactatgtgaatctgactttgcaccttggtaagcataatagatgatgagtttaaaaacaatattttcaatatgtgtacatcttctgaaacccaggaaaatcctatgacatcacctacgtgcgcattctcttccgctcaccaagacccgaatcctttacgatttacaagaggacctcggagagtggaccctggat
>DROLAMB2A 6479 Real 4. site
atcttatagggccagaagtgccaaattggtacctgatcaactgtataaatagttctagaagagttgaaggaaatgcactaaagtatattgtaattcttagcttgcaactgcaatggattggcggacaagtgcttcttcgacgcgaatctgttcaatcggacgggtcatggaggtcactgcctggactgccgcgagaatcg
>DROLAMB2A 6957 Real 5. site
gcaaggagaatgtggagggcagacgctgcaatgagtgagttaatctgcagtagacaatcccagcttaatatctctgctaaacttttgatttctgtcatagatgcaagccaggcttcttcaatctggacaagaacaatcgatttggttgcacaccctgcttctgctatgggcacacctccgagtgcatgactgccccagga
>DROLAMB2A 9601 Real 6. site
tttcgaaacggaacaggaactgacggaggcgctgcttaagaggtgggtgctccacgccttatccttattaactcttttctaacttgatctataatttcagagctgaacagcagcaactggaggacatcgagctgctagagcgagccaaggctgcccacgacaaggctaccaaggcagtggaacagggcgacaatacccta
>DROLAMB2A 9995 Real 7. site
tgcccaggaggcgcagctgaagtatgccgaacaggcttccaaggtaagtcattcagggacatcttattatccttactaaattcgtaaaatttcttgacaggatgctgagctgatccgccgcaaagccaatgagaccaaggtggctgcccgcaatctgcgcgaagaggccgaccaactgaatcatcgcgtgaaactcaccg
>DROLAMB2A 10357 Real 8. site
atctgaaggacatcaacacgggcgatttggatagattgggtaagaaacagaaacctctctaatctgaatttacttatgagtaatctaattaatctagcagagaatcgtttggccactgtggagggtgagatcaatcgcgtcaacctgacgggacgcatcgaaaagtaccgggaacagcgcaccattcagaagaatctgat
>DMELGG 709 Real 1. site
cctcagcgttggcggtgccctaggtaagtggaatgatgccatttcccaattgggacgcacctgttgttacaccgaattattaattgtaaacaatttgcagaagaagtgattgccagtgaaatgttcgaggatagcatcgatgtggagacggaggcggagccggacgacatcatcatcgtgcacatggacatccgggagcc
>DMELGG 885 Real 2. site
cgtgcacatggacatccgggagccgctcagcatgctcaagtgagtctggcgaagactggcccccattagtcatgcaaataaccctcatttctgcccacagatcacttgttgagcaaaagataggagtgtgcctgaattactacaccttttggctgcaggacgcgcaggaggtgagtctatctgcggcgtaataaaatgat
>DMELGG 1010 Real 3. site
gtgtgcctgaattactacaccttttggctgcaggacgcgcaggaggtgagtctatctgcggcgtaataaaatgattacctaagcccccactctcctgcagctggaatcgcacaagaatctcgtggaccaatgcgtcaagggagaaggcctggtgcagatcaacgtgcagatacaaactattcgcaagcgcatcaacatcg
>DMELGG 1784 Real 4. site
gattatgcggaaatcctatcagtcagtcaagagctccgattgtaagtagacgtgaatgttacaccaaagcatgagctaacaatatctacttcgttcacagccgttgaaagtactacgtcatccatgaatccatcaaactacactaccatcggttccgggaataatggacaagtgcagctctggcagttcctactcgaaat
>DMSWAL 2305 Real 1. site
taattttggtacttccatgtctcgatgtataatgggtacttcattcaatgggcacagtcaattagctagtgctaacatgtatcctttcttattcaaccaggcgatgatcataaactgggttgcgagaaggctccattgggcagcgggcgctccagcaaggcggtctcttaccaggacatccattcggcctacacgaagcg
>DMSWAL 3233 Real 2. site
gcagcggtagtggtaagcaatcgcaatgctattttattagatctgtagattatttcgaataagattgactaacatggatttttgttggtttctattcaaggcgaacatcgtgtggaaacctcatccagggccttggtcagaagaaccccggcgcccaacaactcggaaaccagccagccgagcagcaacgactcggccat
>DMDTFIIAS 839 Real 1. site
cgctcggcaacaccctgcaggagagcctcgacgagctgattcaggtgagttcgcgctggcgaagtgaaacgcattgtaattttgggcttccatattgcagtacggccagattacgcccggactggctttcaaggttctgctgcaattcgacaagagcatcaacaatgccctaaaccaacgggtcaaggcccgcgtcacct
>DMKA12ADH 1005 Real 1. site
acaccagcaaggagctgctcaagcgcgatctgaaggtaactatgcgatgcccacaggctccatgcagcgatggaggttaatcttgtgtattcaatcctagaacctggtgatcctcgaccgcattgagaacccggctgccattgccgagctgaaggcaatcaatccaaaggtgaccgtcaccttctacccctatgatgtga
>DMKA12ADH 1480 Real 2. site
gccgtggtcaacttcaccagctccctggcggtaagttgatcaaaggaaacgcaaagttttcaagaaaaaacaaaactaatttgatttataacacctttagaaactggcccccattaccggcgtgacggcttacactgtgaaccccggcatcacccgcaccaccctggtgcacacgttcaactcctggttggatgttgagc
>DRORBP1A 2257 Real 1. site
gcgcgtatgtacatacacttcttaccattctaagctgatttaaataattttattaagcttttaagtaatcatttcttctttaccaatgcgtttatttcaggtcacgttcgccacgtcgctcccgatcgccccgcagccgcagcttctcgcgcgatcgtcgaagtcgctcggattctcgggatcgtcattaatgtttccaa
>DROPOLA 1120 Real 1. site
attattatcaaagttagccagttgcaatgtctgaatcaccgtgtaagttaataagataactcccttaaacatattttttaccgaaattataaatttccagctgaaccgcgcgctaagcgccagagagtagacaaaaatggtaggttcgccgccatggagcgactgcgtcagctgaagggaaccaagaacaaatgcaaagt
>DROPOLA 1369 Real 2. site
gcgaagagggcgcaggaaaagtacggtgacgattggatcgaagagggtaaggttggaactctgaactctatactttataatactaaattttaacttttagatggtactggttatgcagaagatcttcgggatttcttcgaggacgaagatgagtactccgatggggaggaggatcggaaggactcgaagaagaagaaggg
>DROPOLA 2453 Real 3. site
tcaaccgtgtgctctatctgctgccccgacaatttgtgagtattattctacaaatacttagtccttaggtgaagtgttgtttctgaatatattcttttagctcttagatcccatttcgaaggagcccaccaagcagaaggtgaccgtcgcagacatatacaaggagttcgacagcgaggtggcaaaccaactgaagctcg
>DROPOLA 5071 Real 4. site
tgggcatggacccaaccaagttccgtcagaatgcgcagaggtacttactatcttattactccttacaaactctaacctaacgaatattttggttatgtagaacccagcgagagaacaccgagcagtcggagggtgagtccctgctcaagacgactctgcagttgtatcgcctgtgcgaaccgttccgcttccagtgcgtt
>DROPOLA 5803 Real 5. site
acggatttcagtagttctttatgcttgtatccttgaattcttaaaaattgttgtagtttatatattagttctgacacctaatacatatatttcccttaagcttggtatcattaagttttacagcatttcatattgaaattatattttgtccatattatcaagccaccctcacaccggagctggagcaggcctatcaactc
>DMU27181 331 Real 1. site
tgtttctcgatttggtcgaggccgatggtctgctggtttgcgccaagtaagtcgtgtgtgctattctatagtcagtctaaccagatattgaataccataggggcctgagctacgaccgcgttgtaatcagcatcctcaaggcctacagcgattccggcaatcttgtgcttgtgatcaacagttctgactgggaggagcag
>DMU27181 565 Real 2. site
acgaaggtgccagcacggccaccgaaaggtaagcgctcgcaattccaaaaaaatatacatataaaacttcgtccgtttatccatccgactattctgatagagagcgcgtttatctggaaggcgggctgcagttcattagcacgcgcatcctggtggtggatctgctcaagcagcgaatccccatcgagctgataagcgga
>DMU27181 1223 Real 3. site
gatagtagcggatcttaagattctgcgcacgttaatgatgtacgtatacaacttgcacttcctatttgatttgatatttgatattggctaattatgatagctccaccatgtaccatgatgctgtgagcgcctatgcctttatgaaacgctaccggagcacggagtacgcgttgagcaactcaggatggactttactggac
>DMU27181 1442 Real 4. site
aactatccaggcagcgtgttttcaatggccagcagggtaggcaaatcccaataaacattaagcattggcccttcttaaatgatatgtattaattgtatagagttcgaaccggaaccctgtcccaaatggcaaactcttacggatttgcttaccaaggaaatacccggcgatatgcggcggagtaggcgatcggaacaaca
>DMU27181 2335 Real 5. site
ggcagccttcgagttcattatcgacactaaaagtgtaaggttttcaaagtatgttttcctttaacttggtatcaatatttttgtcgctaccatccaacagaaaatggtgattccaaagtaccaggatggaaagaccgatgaagcgtttttgttattaaagacttacgatgatgagccgacggacgagaatgccaagagtc
>DROEDG91A 1205 Real 1. site
gctcgttatcgcaatggctctggttcgcgtgagttgtgtaagtccggctgctatttccgctccgattgggatgcactgaatcgatttggttaccttgcagatgctggcccttttgctgattgccggtcaaggtcaggcggcgccggtgaagaccgaaggtcgcaccttgggccttctgggcggtggatttggtggcagtg
>DMMSL3 277 Real 1. site
cacacacacacacacgcgcgcttgaaatgtcaagcaaacgtcgtaggcgaagttttcacaaatgatttccgtttcccgcaattttccgtacatgccgcaggtgctaaacgtctttgagcgccggaacgagcatggcctgaggttctacgagtacaagattcacttccagggctggcgtccatcctacgatcgctgtgtgc
>DMTORSO 1117 Real 1. site
tgcacccagaattgtctggaaaagggccagatggtatgtttacacccttagaatgttggaacactccataaccaaaagtggatgcttcttttctcgacaggatttccgaagctgtttaaaggactgcaggattaatggaacatttcccggggctctccgcaaagtgcaggaaaactaccagatgaacatgatctgccgca
>DMTORSO 1500 Real 2. site
ttgatgaatttctagaaaaagatgtactatgtagtcatcaagacctaatgtttcgttttacaagtggatcgctctttttcatcgacttattcgcttgcagtctgatgacaactttctcatcctgccgggattggagtccaactctacccacaacatcaccgccctggcgatgcacggagatggcagctactccttgatag
>DMTORSO 1798 Real 3. site
catcacattgctgccgaaatcgagtggaagccatcggcgggtaagtagctccatcagtttaatcaatcaacgatctacgaaccctactttcatattccagagagcaactgctatttcgacatggtgtcgtattcaaccaacagcgtgaatatggacgagccactggaggtgcagttccgggatgtgagtatgccatgacg
>DMTORSO 1937 Real 4. site
acagcgtgaatatggacgagccactggaggtgcagttccgggatgtgagtatgccatgacgcccctgcaatgctagagcatagctaatcttttactgcagcgcaaaaagctgtacaggcacacggtggacaacttggagtttgacaaacagtatcacgttggcgtaagaacggtgaacataatgaatcgactggagagcg
>DMTORSO 2174 Real 5. site
ggattggtatccctataactacacactctgccgtaggttcctcgaaagtcctatataataataatattaataataataatattgttccaccctttcatagcaccccataagccagagaatcttactgtgacccagaagcagtatctgccaaatattttggccctgaacatcacctgggcgcgtcccagatacctgccgga
>DMTORSO 2536 Real 6. site
cggtttgacgttggacaaggttcctcgaggtgtgttgctgagcggtacgtacgctgaaggaaattaaatatttagacatccatttccatccattgaacagagggcaacatggtcaagttggtactctttattatcgtgccaatatgctgcattttgatgctgtgctccctgacgttctgcagacgaaatcgttcggaggt
>DMTORSO 2929 Real 7. site
ggagtttacaagaaacgccaagtggccgtcaagttgctgaaaggttgtaccatttggtattgaagtccttgaataattcatggaatttttgttctcacagatgaaccaaacgacgaggacgtatatgcgttcaagtgcgaaattcagatgctcaaggccgtgggcaagcatccaaatattgtgggtatcgtgggatactc
>DMTORSO 3162 Real 8. site
tgaatactgcagccttggaagcctgcagaactttttacggtaagttatttttatacatattggaaaacaagtgatgtatagtaaaaaatgtattacttagtgaggagtggaagttcaggcaggagcaaaatgcaattggacttaagaagaaccttgaacagaacgtggacaaccgacggtttaaccgactccctagaaat
>DMTORSO 3728 Real 9. site
ctagacatcgcccaacaggtggcggtgggaatggtagcctacatctaatctatccctaaatgtaattaaaaagtgtaacatgtatcatttgccattttaggaatttctggcccaaaacaaagtagtgcatagggatctggctgcccggaatgttctaatctccgtagatcgcagcatcaagatagcagattttgggtggg
>DMTORSO 3877 Real 10. site
atgttctaatctccgtagatcgcagcatcaagatagcagattttgggtgggtatctctgaaagttcaatgattagttatattgtgttttttttttttaaggctgagtcgagatgtgtatcatgagaacgtgtaccgaaagtccggaggaagtggcaagctgcccatcaagtggctcgcgctggagtccctcacccaccag
>DMTORSO 4060 Real 11. site
agtccctcacccaccaggtgtacaccagtcagagcgatgtgtaagtatatatttttgttaagtccgaagcgattttgtggctgatatcttaccctcttagttggtcctttggtgtgctgctctatgagatcaccactctcggtggaatgccatatccgtcggtgtctcccagtgatctcttgcagctactgcgacaaggt
>DMTORSO 4254 Real 12. site
caaggtcatcggatgaagcgaccggagggatgtacgcaagaaatgtgggtatcagtgcttagcgaagtacataattgttgatcacatttgcttaactcaggttttccctgatggaaagctgctggagctccgtgccatcacacaggccaacattttccgcccttaaacacagacttggtggcatgattttggccactaac
>DMTORSO 4486 Real 13. site
tgcaaccgagtcaaaattaaagtcatgtgacggtctaaacaggtaagtaatctttaaaaagacaattgtatacgttactttcttaccttttacaatttagtaaagtggagcaagtgccatgcgaggaagagctatacctagaacctttgaattaatagtcattgcttcaagattataatgaacgagtgcaatacattcta
>DMMTNG 785 Real 1. site
cttcaactgcgttttataaaatggaacactaatgttatatggcttatggattacaggatgtaccagcatgtactaatttttaaattctacttctttccaggatgcaaatgcgccagccaggccaccaagggatcctgcaactgcggatctgactgcaagtgcggcggcgacaagaaatccgcctgcggctgctccgagtg
>DMRAD54 767 Real 1. site
ctatcagctgttcgcgctaccgccatttgaatttaatgaaatggtaaatacaaaaatttgatttatttaattccatttccctaatcatttattcctaaagcggcgcagtctggctcccagccaacgtggaccactgcgtcccgagtcccgtcactccttcacgccgccactgctgaagaaaaacaagcgatcctgccagc
>DMRAD54 2138 Real 2. site
cacgaatttcttgaagtctgatcaagttcgacgtagtttggcgggtaagtcattaggcaatactaccacaacattcctaccatctacaattctcttcaagactgcaatgaaaaggcttcgcttacggcgctggcagacattacaacgcttaagaagatttgcagtcatccggatctcatatatgagaagctcactgcgcg
>DMRAD54 2350 Real 3. site
cgaaaactcccaaaatgtgctgcctagtaattacaaaccaaagtacgttgcctgttgcgcgcgaatagcaatggctattaatgaatcttttgtgttccagggatctcaatccagagctaagtggcaagttcatgctcctggatttcatgctggcagcaatacgtgcagagggcaacgacaaggtggttctcatttccaat
>DMRAD54 2817 Real 4. site
gggcaaaagaagccctgttacatatatcgccttgttgccgtgagtacctgaattagttctgcacggaacattcttgttcaactcaagtaatctctttcagagtggttcgatcgaggaaaagatcctgcagcgacagacgcacaaaaaatccctgtcgagcaccatcattgacaacaacgagtcggccgagaagcatttca
>DMRAD54 3037 Real 5. site
ttgtttacatttgatgcgaacattctgtccgacacacacgacaagtaagaactggctttggataccctttagatcatgatcgtgtaacatatcttttcaggctcaagtgtaagcgctgcgttcaaaatatacaaatgaagccaccgcccgaggacacggactgcacctcgcatttgtcacaatggtaccattgctccaac
>DMCSDUC 6259 Real 1. site
taaatcctggtcaaatcactagaaaactgccacattaatatgtttgtgatagaaaagcttgcccaaaactaattgttatgcatttgattttcttcatcagccctgggcgctgcttatggcactgctaagtctggtaccggtattgctgccatgtcagtgatgcggcctgaactgatcatgaaatccatcattcctgtggt
>DMCSDUC 6506 Real 2. site
ttgccggcgcgctggaagagccatcaaagtactcactatacaggtaattattgattgtctacctcgtacgattcaacttactaactatgtcaatgtccaggggcttcattcacttgggagccggtctggcggtgggcttctctggtctggcagctggttttgcgatcggcatcgtgggagacgccggtgtccgtggcaca
>DMSTELL 455 Real 1. site
gtcatatttctgtgatcaagtgaactggcaacatgtcgagctcgtaagtaactaggtttttcctatagaaattatagcaagtcacagtaaaatcttgtagccagaacaacaacagcagctggatcgattggttcctcgggatcaagggcaaccagttcctctgccgcgtgcccaccgactacgtgcaggatacgttcaac
>DMSTELL 1016 Real 2. site
cgctgctgccgaacttgacatcgcccctggacgacccacggtaagtaattctccgaatatagtcctggttgttttctaaacaaagcgcttgcacttgcagtacctaggctttcggttgcaccaaagagctttgatgcaactcaaatcgcccaagccaaagaatatcggaatattggtcaggcgcatcaatgtatttttgt
>AF045787 1176 Real 1. site
tgctcgacaaagatgtggagactacgatgggcatgaatttggtaaggaatagataattaaattattgattgttatctcaacttctagttcctttcctcagactggcatgatccagtcgacgatgatggccatgccctacatggacaagacacagatgggcatgggtggcatggtggttaacatgtcctctgtctatggcc
>DMRPS3 833 Real 1. site
ttggaactcaacaacgcgtggtgaaacaacaacaacaagaaggaggattgctaggtgtgcaatagatgtgggattataatggtttctttttgctccccagttcgtttccgatggcatcttcaaggctgaattgaacgagttcctgactcgcgaactcgccgaggatggctactccggcgtggaggtccgtgtgaccccct
>DMDNAJLP 268 Real 1. site
ctaaggttgtgccttccaactcgagctggatatgtgcgtaagtaaggactttacggctataaaacttgttatgtaaagtaaatgaaagcctattgcgcagtttctcgaacgacaaaccaagaaaacccgaaacacactatgaagttttgaatattcgcaatgattgcagcacccgtgaagtccgtaatgcctttgtccag
>DMDNAJLP 433 Real 2. site
gcagcacccgtgaagtccgtaatgcctttgtccagctctccaaattgtaagtaactccaagattccgaaaggagcctcctaaaccctgccctttccacaggtaccacccagatgttaagagcaatgctgcgtgtccggagcgcacagcccgatttgttcagatctccgaggcgtacaagaccctgataaagccggagcgg
>DMDNAJLP 823 Real 3. site
taggcttcgtcggcgcactctttggcttcacctccgtcaggttaatgattatgaaccagagaacccaagtagtcacactgaactttcaccatcccaacaggtcgtcctttaaactgagtcgccagatccaggacgaaatctcagcagaggctaattcccatcatgccgccgttgtggccgatgcccagaagtacggcaac
>DMBOSS 782 Real 1. site
aatcaaccatgctaaccagaacaaagttactttaaatttaaggacgacgatattttccatcttatacgaataagatttaattcattgttgtcctctgcagctcttctatgcatcctagtcactgtgttctgcgtcttggagtgccatggagctgacctgacatcacccaccaagaagtccgctccccttcgaataaccaa
>DMBOSS 1312 Real 2. site
tgtgaaccaggcgaatcttataatggcagactttgaaattggtttgtaaaattccgctatttatatgcacctaaatcaaatccttcttattgaattccaggaattcgcgccatcagcatcgacaacgccagcttggcagagaacttgcttattcaagaagttcagtttctgcagcagtgcacgacgtactcgatgggcat
>DMBOSS 1883 Real 3. site
cactattactaaagttgtgggttcttttgatttattgtttaagttaaggattaagactgatacattttacttacgaattgatttcttcttttctttttagacttaccaaacagagcttttgtcctaatggaaaacgaaattgacctgagcaccgccgttgaattggacgccacgcccaccgctttggacgagatcctgat
>DMBOSS 3404 Real 4. site
ctggcttttgcccagaacaatcaatactcctcggaacaggtgggttcctagaaaattagcaagaaacttttctgattaactttaaaatctattcttacagagtgtttacgagtgcgtgaatcccgccatgcgccattgttcccaggatgaggtgaaccaccagtcgcctagtgagattcccacgttaccccttcgaggag
>DRORPS17 1007 Real 1. site
cagctgcaaataactatttagttgtgacagaaactatcgcaaagatacaacaaaatggactgaactatcgtgatactaaacattttatcaactaccacagggtcgcgtacgaaccaagacggtgaagaaggccgctaaggtcatcatcgagaagtactacactcgcctgacgttggacttccacaccaacaagcgcatct
>DRORPS17 1218 Real 2. site
gccatcatccccaccaagcccctgcgcaacaagattgccgggtaagtgccgctcaaatctcgttagtgagtggatctataatccccaaattcctttccagctatgtcacccatttgatgggccgtctgcgtcactcccaggtgcgtggtatctccatcaagttgcaggaggaggagcgtgagcgtcgcgacaactacgtc
>DMU56393 1796 Real 1. site
accattgatttaccttcacaaatattactttaaatatattcctggattcatttcattattatacctattaactaacattgctttgtttctttcaaaacagacgatcaggatgaggacgacgacggcaacagcagcatcgaagaacgtcgcccagtgggccgaccgtcggctggatccgtcaacctgaacatatcgcgcac
>DMFUSED 1087 Real 1. site
ggtggtggccatcaaagtgatctccaaggtgagtggggcgggccaggtgataaagcaacaagtccatacaactagttcacaccatattcatgttctgcagcgcggaagagccacgaaagagctgaagaatttgcgcagggagtgcgacattcaggcccggctgaagcatccgcacgtcatcgagatgatcgagtccttcg
>DMFUSED 2517 Real 2. site
actcaatgcattccaccaatgaggaaaagctgagcagcgagtaagtggccactgcggcctcatagaatttcttttactaactttcccctttcaataacagcaatactccgccgtgcctgctcccggggtgggatagctgcgatgaatcccaaagtccgcccatcgagaacgatgagtggctagccttcttgaacagatcg
>DMFUSED 3160 Real 3. site
aagcgatctgttcctcaacttcctcacgcacggtaagattacccttagatggtatgagctgactcctgtaaactgttagcccgttcccgttctcccgtagacttcaggcaatcggattcagacgccgcctctgttcgcctggctgggtgcatgttggccctgatgagctgtgtgctgcgcgagctgcccgaaaacgcgga
>DMU11718 1302 Real 1. site
aagtatgcgcgcatcatccaaaagctcggtttccctgtaagacaagactttacatttcctttctcttcccggcgaatctctaacgctttctctcccgcaggcaaagttcctcgactttaagattcaaaacatggtcggctcctgcgatgtcaagttccccatacgcttggaaggcctggtgctgacccattgcaacttca
>DMBBBC1 342 Real 1. site
ctgcgtgccggccgtggtttcaccctggaggagctgaaggtaagtgaagccgaaaacattacctgaatccattggccactaacaaaatctctgtttacagggtgccggcattggcgccaacttcgccaagaccatcggcattgccgtcgacaggaggcgcaagaacaaatccctggagtcccgccagcgtaacatccagc
>DMBBBC1 720 Real 2. site
gaagttcaaggccttcgccacgctgcgcaaggtaagttttttggtttcgtgatccgtcggtagctcgttatacttattcgccgccaaactatatttgcaggctcgcactgatgcccgtttggtcggaatccgcgccaagcgcgccaaggaggccgctgagagcgaggacgccgccaagggagaccccaagaaggccaaga
>DME5962 796 Real 1. site
atattgcgaggaccagcttcttccacatcaaggtcggtgaacaaagttcctatgtcacaatcaccaaccctcccacttatcatcaaaactcctttcacagagagcaaacatttggctggcggctgtgaccaagcagaatgtgaacgccgcgatggtgtttgagttccttttgaagatcatcgaggtgatgcaatcctact
>DME5962 1291 Real 2. site
tgcccacgtggccggcaaggtggtaatgaagtcgtatttgtcgggtaagttagcataaataatctagacattattccttttaataatcgccatgttgtaggcatgcccgagtgcaagttcgggattaacgacaagatcgtgatggagtctaagggacgcggtctctccggaaattcagaggcggaaacctcacgctccgg
>DMBAM 1119 Real 1. site
gagaaactgcatatgattggtctgcacggcgattggtgagtcttctggagtatattcccaaatatatcacataataaaaagctccttatctaaacaatagcttagagcacaacgccgtgctgcgtttgatgaatctgttcagatccctgcatgatcacctgaccgccgatttgggcttctcgcgccaaaactcaatgccc
>DMBAM 1551 Real 2. site
gcaatcgaaacggaaactcggggagcaatgcggacaagtgtaagctgtagatttgcaagcaaccattcagctattcctgcaacgattttattatttacagtccatactcagcgcatggagagattgctaattggtctgcgcgattggatcaaggctgcgcatctcagtgtgcacgtatttaactgggaaatggatctgga
>DMRPA1A 480 Real 1. site
ctctgcatattctgtttgcactgctacaagctgcagatgaagggtaactaacgacttacttttattatctaattatcagctaacagctgctctattgcagatcacgaatgtgagataattatgttacagctgcgcctaatcgacgctgggtacatcatcgaggcgcaggagttggaactcttcaagtcagaaattgtgtg
>DMRPA1A 900 Real 2. site
cgtaggctggtattctacgtgactttggcagatattaaagaacggtaagtaggccacttacacaacaccagataatttctaatataacttctcttgtcagcgttggcacgggcgcagaaaccggtggtcagaataaagtgatcttcgcagacgaatgtcgtcgttatctgcgccagatatacgcaaattaccctgaacta
>DMRPA1A 2327 Real 3. site
gaaagaattaatctggattcatttgccaagattgctggaaaggtaattacgtttaaagtaaattatataccttttttttatcaacttctgtgactttcagaattggaacgtgtcccgtccacgaccgcccatttgtggcacaaatccagaaggaaacgacctaagcgaaagccaagtgcaaatcagaaacggagaactgc
>DMRPA1A 2876 Real 4. site
taaatacaaatcactcttggatggctacacaaatgacattaataggtgagttcattcaaaaccgatcaacaggtcatattaacattttttctttttctagtacttgtctgcccagaggtctgattaccaagttcccatcaaacaatctgcaattgatggttctatctggtgccaagggatctatggtgaacaccatgcaa
>DMRPA1A 3228 Real 5. site
ggactttttcttccattgcatggctggtcgtgaagtatgtgtgaaataatttccgaaaattttcatcgagtatttattatttacctttataaaattgtagggtctcattgatactgctgtgaaaacatcgcgttccggttatcttcaacgctgtcttattaaacatctggaggggctaagtgtccattatgatcttactg
>DMRPA1A 4214 Real 6. site
gcataaatctaaattcagtgacgttggcaaaccttttggaatgtgagtgcataaatgtaaattattatacgtatacaatgatgaaaattcccttatatagacgttcacgttagcactggtttgactctggacccggagcgatcctatgagtatgatatgcgcttccaattcctgcccagagaggtctataaggaggacta
>DMRPA1A 4481 Real 7. site
cccatcttgaaggtttcaaatgcttctaggacaacgaaaatgtaagccaactagcgctaggtccctgaatactttaagtaatacatcttctgaatttcagagttgtaatagacgacaaaaaggacgctgataaagatgatgataacgatctggacaacggcgatgaagtgggccgttctaaggccaaggctaatgatgat
>DMRNPOL2 3052 Real 1. site
cgtaacacctatcaaagcgctatgggtaagtttatgagtattcattactgttctacttgaaatactaatccatttataacgtttttttcatcttttataggtaagcaagctatgggcgtttatattaccaacttccacgtgcgtatggacacactagcccacgtactttactatccgatgaagccacttgtgaccacacg
>DMRNPOL2 4046 Real 2. site
tcatgtacaatggccacactggacgaaagattaatgctcaggtaaattgcttaactttcaacttgcaataatcttaaactaatcagtcccttaactataggtcttcctggggcccacctactatcagcgacttaagcacatggtggacgacaagattcactctcgtgctcgaggccccgtccagatcctggtgcgtcagc
>DMYP3G 2147 Real 1. site
gccgctggagcagggcgccaaggtgatcgagaagatctgtgagtagaaaccgatgttgctggaaatctccagagataacctccttgtgaatcacacctagaccacgttggccaaatcaagcacgatctgacccccagctttgtgcccagcccgagcaatgtgcccgtctggattatcaagtccaatggacagaaggttga
>DMYP3G 2602 Real 2. site
cgccaaggctgccagcggcgatttgatcgtaagttggtcgcattcctatatttcataattaaacgtgtacatatggatatttatgaaattcaaattgcagatcattgacctcggctccaccctgaccaacttcaaacgctacgcgatgctggatgttctgaacaccggcgccatgatcggccagaccctgatcgatctga
>DMNINAA1 782 Real 1. site
gatgtgagtattcaagcaaaccggaacacaatcgtggcttaaacgcatagccaccacacagaaatgtaagaaactttttctgacacatttttcgttccaggtaaaaaccgatacggatgacttccccgtggaacccgtggtgatctccaactgcggcgagatacccacggagcagttcgagttctacccggacgacttca
>DROPRD 920 Real 1. site
ggtcgaaggtgtcgtaaatcaagtgacacgcgctccgctctacctagctagtattggaaaagcctctaaaatttccattttctcatcttcctcattccagacatgaacagcggccaggggcgcgtcaatcaactaggtggagttttcatcaacggtcgtcctttgcccaacaatattcgtcttaaaatcgtcgagatggc
>DMU78088 2500 Real 1. site
gccatgacctacttgaaccaggtcatctcaggtaggtgttctgtctgaagcacagccccaagagggattgtaactggttttacccaacattgctcttcagaaaccctgaggctctacacactggtgccccacctcgaacggaaggccctcaacgactacgtggtgccgggccatgaaaagcttgtgattgagaagggcac
>DRORPS6X 1060 Real 1. site
aagtggatgatattatctccgctgcaattcgacttaatatacatttatatgtatgtttatgcattgtgtgtgacttttttttttgcattgtgtgttccagctcaacgtttcctatcccgcgacgggatgccaaaagctattcgaagtggtcgacgagcacaagctgcgcgtcttctacgagaagcgtatgggacaggttg
>DRORPS6X 1674 Real 2. site
atggctaatggctaaccagataataactttccaatcactgctcatatccatggactgctctcaagaaactactacaaaaagcaatcatcttttccaacaggccgtgtgcgtctgctcctgaagaagggacactcctgctaccgtccacgccgcactggcgagcgtaagcgcaagtctgtgcgtggatgcatcgtggacgc
>DMPGKG 1052 Real 1. site
aaacctggacttggcgggcaagcgggtgttgatgcggtaatccaaagccaatcctcgcgtgaaattcagttgcataaacattgcccgtgcttctttgcagcgtcgacttcaatgtgcccatcaaggagggcaagatcaccagcaaccagagaattgtcgctgccttggatagtatcaagttggccctttccaagaaagcc
>DMPGKG 2055 Real 2. site
cgcggcacccatcgcacgcgccaagctcatcgtgtggaacgggtaggtgtcacactgaagctacttctccaaatgtcctataatggttttcccattttagaccccccggtgtctttgagttccccaacttcgccaacggcaccaagtccatcatggacggcgtggtggccgccaccaagaacggcaccgtctccatcatc
>DMDNAMIN 1035 Real 1. site
ttaattatcgaccgcaaaggcaagcacatggtgcagacgtattcgcatttgacaggcgccgccataaacgcgtactaacatttgtgtatttcgttcacagcaagggtatttcccaatcagccctcccctacagacgcactgtcccatcctggctgaaactgaacgcagatgatgtcaaggagcagattaagaagctgggc
>DMDNAMIN 1225 Real 2. site
gaagctgggcaagaagggtctgactccctccaaaatcggtgagcactgccgagtatgttgttgtttgaggttatgttaatccggaatccggtttttacaggcatcatcctgcgtgactcgcacggagttgcccaggtgcgtttcgtcaacggaaacaagatcctgcgcatcatgaagtcggtgggtctgaagcccgacat
>DMUROX 1504 Real 1. site
cactactgcgatgtggttataaggagaacaggttaagtcaaacattacttaagcaataatatttaaaactatttaatcatcaccttctttaatgttttagatcccaaacaaacggtcatcacgggcatcaagggtctccgggtgctgaagacgacccaatcctcattcgtgaacttcgtgaacgatgagttcagatctct
>AF025793 512 Real 1. site
aattttcacaaagtcttcgctatgagtactattggcactggagtaagtggtcagcgaactacctatctgcagatccctaacgtcaccctctcgcttccagtacgacttgtcggcctcgcagttttccgctgatggccgcgttttccagatcgactacgcctcaaaggtggagaagagcggcaccgtaatcgggattcggg
>AF025793 1240 Real 2. site
gaaacttacttgctctgacaataggaagcatttttggacatctattgcacttcgaatctaggtttttattcataattaacatatctatcctatgtcttagcatctacaaagtccatgacgagttgaaggacaaggacttccgcttcgaaatgggtttggtgggcagggtaaccggtggcctacatctcataaatccctca
>DRODSOR1 1166 Real 1. site
cccatcccccactttcaaatcccatccattgcttgcactttttacattttcgttttggatcgcaaaaattcattaagaggttaaattaaagcacacacagtttgctggggaagcccaagacgagcatcgatgcgctgacagagacgctggagggtctggacatgggcgacacggaacgcaagcggatcaagatgttcctc
>DRODSOR1 1991 Real 2. site
gcaatagcaaaacaaggcactcatttatgcacagatgttaaatatagccaactataagaggatctatataactcacatgctaatgtcctctttgtttcagccggagcgattgcagggcacccactactccgtgcagtcggacatctggtcgttgggtctgtcgctggtggagatggccatcggcatgtaccccatcccgc
>DRODSOR1 2389 Real 3. site
acgagcgggcagatctcaagaccctgctggtaagcaaacgaaacgtcgccatttcttcagttatatatatattcaagttgttttatgtattcttcggcagagtcatccgtggatacgcaaggcggaattggaggaggtggatatatccggctgggtgtgcaagacaatggacctgccgccatcgacgccaaagcgtaata
>DSAJ2740 578 Real 1. site
gctgcgcggtccggaaaacgagaatctggcctccattgtgctggccaaaacaaagggtaagcatctagataccgaagcggattctcaaattgtttgttagatgattttccttcagggaactggttcatccaagtgcccatcaccaatccagaactggccacattcgagcaccgaaaggatgccaccgccgaggaggtggc
>DSAJ2740 1098 Real 2. site
agctaattaatgataactgcgataagcacatgctaaacaggttagtagaacgcattagattcgtcaattatccaatacaattgttaaattgtttcattagctatgaaaacatgctggaaattccactgcagcctctttgcgataatctggacacctatacctatgaggtattcgaaactgatcctgtcaaatacaaactc
>DSAJ2740 1324 Real 3. site
gttggatcgagtaagcgctgcggaggctaaaacgaaactggtatggtgctcttctccacctataagatacatattaagatttgtatgttcaaacctacagacagttgtaatgctactgggtggaggacgaggtcctttagcgagactgttttcaatgacttccgagttaacgaagcgcaaagttcgcctctacatcatag
>DSAJ2740 1552 Real 4. site
ctccaacatggttaaaacgctttgggccgataagggtaagaataagaaaaaaaaaaactccttgctttaatccagtcttaatccgcaacaaatctttcagatgttcacattttttcaaaggacatgcgggacttttcccctccagagctggctgacatcatggtttcggagttacttggttcctttggcgataatgaact
>DROPGD 1291 Real 1. site
caaagaacacacgaaacatgagcgggtgagtagagggaaattctcttttccccggagttttccgcgatcctaacgtcgcccatttccggatttcttccagacaagcggatattgccctcatcggcctggccgtcatgggccaaaacctgatactcaacatggacgagaagggattcgtggtgtgcgcctacaaccgcacg
>DROPGD 2934 Real 2. site
atgagtctacgatagttgagcttttgagaaccccgatgaggaattcgatctgctttaatcgactttacgctaatcagatgtaaactcgatacaatttcagctggaagtgcagtcgacgacttcatccagcagctggtgccgctgctttccgccggcgatgtgatcatcgatggtggcaactcggagtatcaggacacatc
>U00683 2367 Real 1. site
gtgttggcgctcttcacattccaggtgagcattgctttttttttgagtatttagttcctattagtttttattatacatcacgactttcttgtcgtcgcaggttacaaacagccgtacgagcctttggactttaaataccctgcgacgtttgcgcccccacttcaggtgctcattgaggcgagcaatggcgcctccgacta
>U00683 4707 Real 2. site
gaggtgcacgatgtgaccatgtcggatcttcttcaaggtaaactcaatggtaaattctaataaagggggaagtactaaagcaaataatttaatatttcaggcaccgcaagcgtgtcccaataccgcggactaattttcccgggcggcttcagctatgcggacactttgggatccgccaagggctgggcagcaaacatcct
>DROMNSO 1281 Real 1. site
agaatgcccaaatcgatgccggctgattacataaatagcaacaaatggcgaccctgatcttgaggacattataaaacaagacacacttaaccctttgcagcctggcggtgcgtggcaagcacaccctaccgaagctgccctacgactatgccgccctggagcctatcatctgccgggagatcatggagctgcatcaccag
>DMAJ4446 5809 Real 1. site
aagcaactgagtttgtacgataatgtgcccataggtgagccttaatcaggggttctaaaatttccatgtcgtgtataacccttgatctcttatcctgaaggcattccactgtcgaataccgtggtctatttgttggatgccgactatcgtccggtgaagaacggcgagattggggagatctttgcttcgggtctcaactt
>DMAJ4446 6064 Real 2. site
gctgtggagaagagtaagttgtccatctgatatcttctgaatacatttcaaaatgcattcaagttagttgttattacttaatccgactttacctctccagaatacgcccgtttgtatcgcacaggagactatggatccctgaagaacggcagcatcatgtacgagggacgcaccgactctcaggtgaagatccgtggaca
>DMAJ4446 6902 Real 3. site
cgctacgcctggagcaccgccaggaagtcatcgagtgagtacttattagccaaagctcgaccggaagtggaattactaatcggtgtgacatccgttttagcattattgtggctagcttctataacaaggccgacctggagcagtggctcaagcccggagttttgagaaccgactacagcgatatactgaacgtgagtaac
>DMAJ4446 7054 Real 4. site
cccggagttttgagaaccgactacagcgatatactgaacgtgagtaactaaatcttactacttcaactggatacatttccttcattgtaacgccggataggatatctggaatgtgctggtggagcgggacctaagtttcgtggtctacgataccaacacggatcgcattattggcacagcgttgaactttgatgcgcgca
>DMAJ4446 7286 Real 5. site
ctcattgtcttcgagtttctggagttttgcgagggtcccatcaggtaagttataaatccttcacgccatgcgccgagtgctcacttggagccttcaacagggataactacctgcccaagggtctcaaccaaatcctgcactcgttcatgatgggcaccgccgagaagttgaatccccgcgagaacatcgcctgcatgcac
>DMU51045 687 Real 1. site
tacgagtgcgcaccgagcatttagtagacaaacatggagaggtgaggtcgcagtagcagtgaatatttcgcagtgatccaagtctttttgtatcctccagcttgcaggtgaacacgaccagcggaccggtgctcggaaaacaatgtacaggtgtctacggcgatgagtacgtcagcttcgagcggattccgtacgcgcag
>DMU51045 1357 Real 2. site
atttaatgactatgataaagaaagattttaatacgagagcagactgatacatacatatacccaatccatcgttaatgaaccatttataccttcgttacagctggactcaccaaggccactaccgctgattgtgttcttttttggtggtggtttcgaaaagggcgaccccaccaaggagctgcatagtcctgactacttca
>DMU51045 2318 Real 3. site
tctgccatgtcgccagagtccttaaaagcgtactgtgaggtgggatagttcagatctttacttctttcaatttgatagatttcttaacaacttctttcagtacgccagctataaagtgttttggcatcccattcttaaaacgctgagatcccgtgtaaagagctccagtgcttccacatacctctatcgattcgattttg
>DMANX 436 Real 1. site
tgttatatgtgtaaatgaatgatttgaatatgaccataatatttgttaatttttttttttgctaaaatatatttatatacaactaaattttactgtgcagcccgtgcccacggttaaggacgcagctcccttcgacgcctcccaggacgcccaggtgctgcgggcggcgatgaagggattcggcaccgacgagcaggaaa
>DMANX 1230 Real 2. site
aggccatgatggccataggtcagtatatatttaactgttccgttataagtaattgttgtaacagacacttggttaaatgacacacttcttaaccttttagttgagtgcgtccagtcaccggcggccttcttcgccaaccgcctgtacaaggccatgaatggcgccggcaccgatgacgccacgctcatccgcatcatcgt
>DMANX 1803 Real 3. site
aagtattttcgggcaaagtagtaattgtagtgtagagggcatagccaaaaaagcaagaacttggatctcgcttcaatacgttcctttctttactttccaggcggagacctctggtgactacaagcgggccctgacagccctacttggatccgcctaggcccgaggatgtggcagctggtccgcccaatattttattcgtg
>DRORPRIIA 1833 Real 1. site
ctatgatccttcaagcacctgttggccatatcaatatgacacgcactttaagaatttgactttatttgatccacatgtgttacttctttcctgcttgcagcgtcgcatgtccgtcaccgagggtggcgtccagtttgcggagacaatggagggcggacgaccaaagctgggcggattgatggatccgcgccagggtgtca
>DRORPRIIA 4141 Real 2. site
tctggttccaagggttccaacattaatatatcccaggtaagctactgactagcgattttcattcgaactcatttaatgtgctggcatttttatcttccaggttattgcttgtgtgggtcaacagaacgtggagggtaagcgaatcccctacggtttccgcaaacgcactcttccccactttattaaggacgattatggtc
>DRORPRIIA 6520 Real 3. site
tgattttactctcgactcagcaacgctatatcttttgttaattaacttttttgatgcgattgcctaatatattcaatctctttctttcttgtgcttgcagtaagtgccatgactcctggcggtcccagtttctcgccttcggctgcatcggatgcgtccggaatgtcgcctagctggtcgccggctcatccgggctcatc
>DMK10G 2952 Real 1. site
agaatgcatttaatagcgaaaacagatctgagagctctttttacacactcaacaaccttgctattgaacaccgttggcaattctcgtatttcttttgcaggatgccaagtcagacaaagacaaaaacgcaatttcaagtcagagcgcagcccctaaggccggaagcgctaaagatgcaacaattccaaatccctaggcag
>DROMEX1A 421 Real 1. site
tagaaatgggtatcttcagttattcatattcgggattcaacctgattgaaatgaactaattgaactgatctgacaacaagatctttccatatccttgcagctgctgttcctgcgcctgcaagatgctcctgagcatcgtgttttctgcgctcctgatggtcgtggtgatcggcttgattgtctacttcacggtcttctat
>DMOHO31 1071 Real 1. site
cgacagggctcctacaaggccaacagcattaacacgcaggtaatgtacacaagatcctccgcagaactgcgttcggaactaacctcactttttgccctaggactcacgcatgcgccgccatgaggtgaccatcgagctgcgcaagtccaaaaaggaggaccagatgttcaagcggcgcaacatcaacgacgaggatctaa
>DMOHO31 1448 Real 2. site
tgcccatttgcatacgcttcctgcagaataccaacaagtgagtagtggctttagaatgttgatgagagcattattgaatatcccctgattcgcgctacagctcaatgctgcagtttgaggccgcttgggcgcttaccaacatcgcctctggcacatccgaccaaacgcgctgcgttatcgaacacaatgctgtgccgcat
>DMOHO31 2087 Real 3. site
ttggcaacattgtgactggcacagatcaacaggtaggaaacaaatgttttaatccttattgttataacatgcctgacctgttcatttgttttttgtttagactgacgttgtaattgcatctggaggtttaccaaggctgggactccttctacagcacaacaaaagcaacattgtgaaggaggctgcctggacggtcagca
>DMU84745 516 Real 1. site
cgacgtccagccggagggctacaactttgcgtaagtgtatcaaactccggtcagctcggtgcgacgattatccaaggattaaatacccattctcccacagtttggagaccagcgacggcaagaagcacgaggagcagggtcagctcaagaacgtcggcaccgaacaggaggccatcgtggtccgcggatcctactccttc
>DMU67905 412 Real 1. site
gagtatctttggaaatggactggtcatctggatattctcgacgtgagtggaaaacccattaatccccacattaatccagacgaaatccattttctttcagttcgaaatccctgcgtactccatctaacctattgattctcaacctggccattttcgatctgttcatgtgcaccaatatgccgcattatcttatcaacgcc
>DMU67905 809 Real 2. site
tccgttctccgtgctgccattgttccagatctggggacgttaccagccgggtgagaagtgaattcatgaagactcttcaattactaaacattcttttcagagggcttcctgaccacctgctccttcgattacctgaccaacacggacgaaaaccgactgtttgtgcgcacgattttcgtgtggtcctacgtgataccgat
>DMEF1AF2 3437 Real 1. site
gtttctctctctgtatgcacccacccccatccaaatgtctacacataacgtccggatatgtaacttcgtttcggtcgcttcgtttccggtttcgtttcaggcatggtcgtcaactttgcgccggtcaacctggtcaccgaagtaaagtctgtggagatgcaccacgaggctctcaccgaagccatgcccggcgacaacgt
>DMEF1AF2 3721 Real 2. site
agcagccgactttaccgctcaggtagggtaacaaagatgagaaatctttgatagttgaactcatctttgtttggttttttttttttctttttgcccacaggtgattgtgctcaaccatccgggccagatcgccaatgggtacactcccgtcttggattgccacacggcgcacattgcctgcaagttttccgagatcaagg
>DMRPL7A 1331 Real 1. site
tttaaaaccgcttgaaaatggttgtcaagaaggtgagttatcggcgtaaatttgctgttaactcgaattaacctaatgcgtgttttcattgcgtttacagcccaggccaaagaagaagccagtgaccaagaaggtggctcccgctcctctcgctgtcaagaagcccgtggtcaagaaggttgttaaccagctgttcgaga
>DMRPL7A 1547 Real 2. site
cggaatcggtaagtgcacaaaacatattctatatatatgaatattgcagcggaatttcttacatattagctaaatgtatacatattctctcatcttgcaggccagaatgtgcagcccaagcgcgatctgtcccgtttcgttcgctggcccaaatacatccgggtgcagcgtcaaaaggctgtgctccagaagcgcctgaa
>DMRPL7A 2319 Real 3. site
tgaagaattgagggcaacttgattgcatacaatgcgcaagcccacgaaccacgtggttttccaagacgacaattgattaacgcgttaatttccattccagctggtgctcttcctgcccgccctgtgccgcaagatgggcgtgccctactgcattgtgaagggtaaggctcgtctgggtcgcctggtgcgtcgcaagacct
>DMTFIIB 1047 Real 1. site
aaaaatatatagcttacagagtacaaatggcatcgacatcgaggtaaaagtcgggtttcctaacaatttgtgaacaccaataatggcttactgcttgcagactggacaacaacaaggtgtgctgctacgcacaccccgaatctccgctcatcgaggactacagggctggcgatatgatttgctccgagtgtggtctggtg
>DMTFIIB 1514 Real 2. site
ttgcccaaaaccattgtcgatcgggccaacaacttgttcaaacaggtgaaattcgagttcgcggttgatttggttgagacctcatgccgttttcttgtaggttcatgatggaaagaacctcaagggtcgttccaacgatgccaaggcatccgcttgtctgtatatagcttgtcgccaagaaggagttcctcgcacattca
>DMTFIIB 1812 Real 3. site
actgcggacttcatgtgccgcttctgcgccaacttgggtaagtgtttttacactttctgtacttgaaggtagcaggattaatacctataattcttatcagacctgccgaacatggtccaacgcgctgccacgcacattgcaaagaaagccgtcgagatggatattgtaccgggacgttcgccaatttctgtggccgcagc
>DMCYSTA 602 Real 1. site
cactctcgcacagttggccaccggagatggtcccagctacaagtgagttagaactgagttccgaatttaaaattcatactaattgatctgctgatcttagggcaatcaatgtgacctctgtgacgggtcaggtcgtagctggaagtcttaacacctacgaggtggaacttgacaatggatccgacaaaaagcagtgcacc
>DMCHORS16 1376 Real 1. site
caacatggataatattgtttatcctatgattttggattgacttcatagcaccgctttgccacccatacttaccttcttttgtatcgtctctacctttcagtcttcaagaagagccaatacggcggatcttacggcgagaatgcgtacctgaagaccgacgccaaactgggtgttgtggccatctaagagcttggattgta
>DROHP1 487 Real 1. site
ggaaaagatcatcgacaggcgggtgcgcaagggaaaggtgagttttccgaaccagacgtcccattatatttggtcctaaaacgccattttccacctgcaggtggagtactatctgaaatggaagggctatcccgaaactgagaacacgtgggagccggagaacaatctcgactgccaggatcttatccagcagtacgagg
>DROHP1 680 Real 2. site
tacgaggcgagccgcaaggatgaggtaagtgaagtacaatgcgatgccaagtacagttgtgcttgctaggatttcctttacatctcgtttcggtccgtaggagaagtcagccgcctccaagaaggatcgacccagcagcagcgccaaggccaaggaaactcaaggacgcgccagcagttcgacgtccacagcaagcaagc
>DROHP1 1049 Real 3. site
gaatggcatgcgcaagaaaaagatggtctttgcaataaaaaaatgcatctattaaaaaattgcactgtattaattacttgtttttattttatttatttagcgccctctggcaataaatcaaaacgtaccacagatgcggagcaggacaccattcccgtttcaggatctaccggattcgatcgcggcctggaggccgaaaa
>DROMSP316 415 Real 1. site
tttctttagcggatatcaacatggcctcagtaaaattggtgtgtgttggtctaatcatatatgcgttccaaatctaatattttttaaaattttcgcacagttctttattgctattttggttgtagctctatcccttaacagctcagctgcagtgttgaaccctagttcgactgccaaacccagatttgagacgaaagacc
>AF022650 12546 Real 1. site
tttaccccagatattaacatcaaaacaatacaattactcacccaatccaaagatgcatcacagagcttttaatataactgacgttgttccttcattccaggaaaacctcggcgggaactcgaagacggtcatgttggccaccatttcaccggccagcatccatgcggatgagaccctagccactttgcgttacgcctgca
>DROEVE 414 Real 1. site
gccccagacaccgcctccctcgccaaatggtaagtttaaagataaagccgagcaaacgtgacgagttacttacacccaatctttcctctgtccaaaacagaatgcctatccagtccggataactccttgaacggcagccgcggctcggagattcccgccgacccgtcggtacgccgctatcgcaccgccttcacccgtga
>DMW13 1925 Real 1. site
ttataattgcattatattgtcattgctaatttattgctgtgagttatgatcttaaataccgatgactaaccgaaaccctttcttctttgcctctttcaaggtttcctggtgcccccgttccgcaaaccgaaacgcatccgcaccgccttctcgccgtcgcagctgctgaagctggagcacgcctttgagagcaaccagta
>DMU84898 5534 Real 1. site
atcccttaaatttggtttgagatgttacacttgattattgtaaacatttactcttatatactaaagaccacacctttcatttgttatgtcctctttacagaaatggtggaggccatgaagaaggtcgcctccatggacgtagagctgaccgtcgaggagcgaaatctgctgtcggtggcgtacaagaatgtgattggagc
>DMU84898 6072 Real 2. site
ccatccgtttgggcttggcattgaacttctcggtgagtgattgtgaagagacacgatgtcgtcatatgttttctatatatatattttaaaatccttgcaggtgttctactatgagattctcaactcgccggaccgcgcttgccgcttggcgaaagccgctttcgatgatgccattgccgagttggatacactgagcgaag
>DMU84898 6322 Real 3. site
acattatggacgtccgatatgcaggcagaaggtaagttgtaatatcacatccacttgttcggctccgttattaagttctaaatattatactaagaagtagaccccaacgcaggtgatggcgagcccaaagagcaaatccaggatgttgaggatcaggacgtgtcgtaatttaagtaaacccccgcccttccatttaaaac
>DROTRP 835 Real 1. site
catattgtcctgcgagcggggtgacttgccaggtgtcaagaagtgaggcttcctccctatggcttcgagtaactcggctaatatgatttcgtccttgaaggatcctcgaggagtaccagggcacggacaagttcaacattaactgcacggatcccatgaaccgctccgccctcatttcggccatcgagaacgagaacttc
>DROTRP 1133 Real 2. site
gcagtgggaggagaccaaccacaaggagggccagccatacgtaggtcacatcctgccgcagatatgccacatctcttactcttttcccctcctttggcagagctgggaggcggtggaccgctccaagtccaccttcaccgtggacatcacgccccttatcctggccgcccaccgaaataactacgagatactcaaaatcc
>DROTRP 1663 Real 3. site
ctttgtactcctttcagattgatttaaatgtatttattattatagaactcttgggttccgtacactttgtatatcatcgcttaatctcaattgttcctaggtgcggctgcgatgagtgtgtgacctcccagacgacggactccctgcgccactcgcagtcgaggatcaacgcataccgcgccctgtccgccagctcgctg
>DROTRP 1959 Real 4. site
tacacggtacggtagtagtgtgcaatgtaagcggtggccagtgtgccactagagtccatgcgaatgcgaatgcgagcctttgtttgtgtttgcccaacaggagatgcgtcagatggtgcaggacttcgggacctcgctcctggaccacgcacgcacatccatggaactcgaggtgatgctcaacttcaaccacgagccgt
>DROTRP 2305 Real 5. site
cttaacccagaccacagactaactgggatttaatagctttatatatagaaacggatcttagtaccctgcttgaatttataaatattactcccccttctagtttgtggcacatccaaatgtccaacaattgttggccgccatttggtacgacggactgccgggcttccggcgcaagcaggcctcccagcagctgatggatg
>DROTRP 2595 Real 6. site
ttgtcaagttcatcacgcactcctgctcctacatgttcttcctgagtgggtaaagtgggtgcttaatacttcatccatctaaatatgcgcccattcacagtgctcctgggtgctgcctccctgagggtggtgcaaatcacctttgaactcctcgcatttccctggatgctgaccatgctggaggattggcgcaaacacga
>DROTRP 2954 Real 7. site
gtggattctttgtagggccaccgcttgggtaatcgtccatgtgagtccatatgaatctaatgaataaattggaattgaattggagctgaattgatttcagcgcgatctctggttccggggcatagatccttacttcccgagggaacactggcatccgtttgatccaatgcttctatcagagggcgcctttgctgccggaa
>DROTRP 3383 Real 8. site
ccaggagaaggcttgtaccatctggcgaagattttccaagtatattacattcatttctatgtacttgatcacattggcataccatttcaatttactttagcttattcgaaacatcacaatcgctcttctgggcctcttttggcctggtggacctggtctccttcgatctggcgggaatcaagagcttcacccgcttctgg
>DROTRP 4056 Real 9. site
tcaatcaagcccatgcagagctatctgtgcgtcaaattgacgtctaatacatcctttctgtgtccttccaccctctaatgctccctgttccaactcccagcgaaagtccatggaacgggcacagacgctgcatgacaaagtgatgaagctgctggtcaggaggtacattacggcggagcagaggcggcgggacgattacg
>DROTRP 4481 Real 10. site
ataaagttgacccgataataatttgaaaaatgttgtgctagaagactacaaagctagaacggattttaatggattttattcactaaacttacttttgaaggagttgctcgaaccaccaagggcaaggtgatggaacgtcgcatccttaaggacttccagattggcttcgtcgagaatctgaagcaggaaatgagcgaatc
>DROTRP 4702 Real 11. site
ctcatcgctggccaaggtcatcggcagaaagaagacccagaaggggtaggtccacttaaatctgtaagaccctttgagtaaaggttactattctcaatagagacaaggattggaacgccattgcgaggaagaatactttcgcctccgatcccattggctccaagcgctcctccatgcaacgtcatagccagcgaagcttg
>DROTRP 4922 Real 12. site
ggcgaatgagggtctccagatgaaccagacccagttgattggtaaataaataaagatgtgcccaatgtatctatatttccataaccttgatctcctccagaattcaatcccaacttgggtgatgtgacgcgtgccacaagagtggcttatgtcaagttcatgcggaagaagatggctgccgacgaggtttccttggccga
>DROTRP 5137 Real 13. site
aaatggcgaaggcgaaaagaagccactggatgcctctggggtaagttccaatcaatatatatatatgtattccctggctaatatataatctcacttgcagtctaaaaagtccataactagtggtggaactggaggaggagcttctatgttggctgcagctgctctaagagcatcggtcaagaatgtggatgaaaaatccg
>DMC49E4 21488 Real 1. site
cgctaagggtggtggccaaggtcgccggcaaggtcgctccgacgtgcacggagggcttaattaaagcattaaaattaaagattcattaaataatttctagccgtggcaactgcgccacgggggacgctgctctggaagcagtcgagacaataaagcttgacaattcaaacccacttgatgcgcccgtgcgtgctcgagtc
>DMC49E4 21892 Real 2. site
ggggttgaggcaaatatgagaaaatattcaaatcaaaatcgacgaaaatgacggaacaacttttttcacgaccctcttttcaggcgaacggctcatccagtatgccagcgagaatctggtcacggaggtgctcatccacccgcagtacaatacgctgatccagtgcatgcgaaacctgcttagcagtttcacccgccacc
>DMC49E4 22107 Real 3. site
ccggttacaccttcagtggaaatggttcctggatattgcaggtcgatattgcttgtgcccccttttctgacaagtggtgctcatacccatctatttgcaggacggaaccttctcggtggcggacttctctgaggccttccaagagcacgacgtacaaagggtgattcgggcctatgccgacaccatcaccatgaacattc
>DMC49E4 22386 Real 4. site
ggacgtcctggacacgagcagcgagtgcatcaacggattcattggtaagactgtgcacactatttccgatgcagcatttatcaaggtcgttcttctgcagattacctcgcgcccatggtgatgccaacctcgctgagggagctgcttgagacctcggacgtggtgggcaacattcgctttacccatccaacgttatatgt
>DMC49E4 22608 Real 5. site
gcggcgcttttcgggatcaacggctttaacatgcttggtgggtatagcacatgtattgaggaaatgcaacctaatcccctcctgtctcttttccacgcagttgacggcggcttcaaccgcaaggcatgcttctgggacttcgcccggcacctagaccgactggacgcggtgctgatgacccgcctaaacaacagcaacgt
>DMC49E4 27359 Real 6. site
cagaccagaatccaaagtagaatgccttaaagatgaatctgaagtattgaagggttctacccgaagagagtctgtggcagaaagcgacaaatcttcacagccattcaaagagacttctaggccagaatccgctgtgggtagtatgaaagatgagagtatgtcaaaggaaccatctcgacgtgagagcgtaaaagatggag
>DMC49E4 30093 Real 7. site
attgaactaaagggtaatctcccaacgttgtcgagccctgtagatgtggctcatggtgacttcccccagacatcaacccccacaagctcaccaactgtagcttcagtccaaccagctgaactctctaaagtcgacattgagaagacagcatcaagtccgatagacgaggctccgaaatcactaattggatctccggcaga
>DMC49E4 36859 Real 8. site
gcaaggacgagcttaagtctctggaaatgcaggtatgtttaagcagttttgtgctggatttatttgtcgtattatatcctatgttttttaacccatgtagcaccactcgcaggagcagatgttggcaggagcagctgctgcagccggagctgagtgtgagggtgacattcccgagctgcacgaactgcgtggactagagt
>DMC49E4 38342 Real 9. site
ctcgaggccaaacagacatgggaggacaaggagttgggtgagtagatgcttgttatgtcgatcctgcaatgagttcattttccaaatctccgacttgcagaggtcaccattatacctacgtacgacacagatgttctaggttattgggtggctgaaaacgaggagctgctagccaagcaccgcatcgacctctcgccctc
>DMH2AVDG 738 Real 1. site
gggcagcggtgcctccattttgtgttttcttctgcgactcgtgccacattcgctttaattcgttattttaagaaatgcattgtgctgtgtctattcgcaggctggcggtaaagcaggcaaggattcgggcaaggccaaggcgaaggcggtatcgcgttccgcgcgcgcgggtcttcaggtgagttttacaatctgtacct
>DMH2AVDG 996 Real 2. site
ggtggcccgccttcgttggttggttggggttgacaaaaacataacaagccagccggtcaagccaattaaccagttacctgcctcttatagtcccggacagttccccgtgggtcgcatccatcgtcatctcaagagccgcactacgtcacatggacgcgtcggagccactgcagccgtgtactccgctgccatattggaat
>DMH2AVDG 1655 Real 3. site
tgttttggtaatgagcgatacaagtaaataaattcgctttagcttttcgttatcctcaattgaaatctttattaatttctttgtttcccaatgcatttaggtcctggagttggcaggcaacgcatcgaaggacttgaaagtgaaacgtatcactcctcgccacttacagctcgccattcgcggagacgaggagctggaca
>DMTRA2W 990 Real 1. site
aagaaccacccgaaatccacacgaaatacaaaacttttcaagaccctcaagaacgaaccgcaagataatcttatttcattccattccacatcgaatcaaggtctgactacgattactgtggcagtcgccggcaccagcggtcctcctctcgccgacgctcccgttcgcgttcctcctcggagtcgccgccaccggagccg
>DMTRA2W 1202 Real 2. site
ggacgttcatcacgcgatcgcgaacgaatgcacaagtctcgcgtaagccattctgccgattaatgcctcctttcaatcctaaagatcttcggcgtttcaggaacatccacaagcaagccgctgcataggagtctttggactgaacacaaatacctcgcagcacaaggtacgcgagctgttcaacaagtacggacccatcg
>DMTRA2W 1615 Real 3. site
cgaaggaaatattgatctcccgaaatcaatatgtgttcagttgttaggaaagttcaagttcacaaacgtagattaacccttaataacttctgacatacagacacagcgttcccggggcttttgtttcatttactttgagaaactcagcgatgcccgcgcggctaaggacagctgctccggaatagaagtggatggtcgcc
>DMTRA2W 2049 Real 4. site
gcaacaggagctacagccgttcacgctctccgcaactacgtaaagtttattcctccgtctatttaatcaaacgtttatcctgtatattttccacgattaggtcgaacttcatcgcgctattaaagcgcctggggaggaggctacttcattaactcgtgctcctaagttcgcccaactggattgtgtcaaacgggctgtaa
>DMTPIG 2830 Real 1. site
ccgtctgggccattggcaccggcaagaccgccacacccgatcaggtaaggtcgattgcagatggctaatccttcagaactatatttccttccaattgcaggctcaagaggtccacgcttccctgcgccagtggctgagcgacaacatctccaaggaggtgtccgccagcctgcgcatccagtacggtggatccgtgaccg
>AF025792 382 Real 1. site
gcgctggtttcaatttcgacaactgcaagcggtaagaatcgtccaagttgttcagcaataccccatcggcttttattaattggtgttttattgctttcagcaatgcaactcttttgaatcgaggcttcaagccaccgaccaccaccaagacgggaaccacaatcgttggcatcatctacaaggatggtgttattctgggc
>AF025792 818 Real 2. site
aggatcttagggtgtagcttatgttgctctaacttaaaaatatgtgtactttctaacatgcaagtatctcccaatacctaacgaaaatatttaccttcagctgctgtggagctggaaccgctgcggacactgagatgactacggatctcatctcctcccagctggagctgcatcgcttgcagacagatcgtgaggtgcgc
>DMTRFG 347 Real 1. site
aaggatgcacaacatgagatacgattgcagttggttgaccacttttcagaggcacttcatgaaataaatagaaacccattgatacatccataacttgcaggaatatcgtggccaccttctcggtgaactgtgaactggacctcaaggcaatcaactcgcgtacgaggaactcggagtactcgcccaagcgctttcggggc
>DMU69607 1120 Real 1. site
tccgggtggatgccgccaagcatatggcatcggaagatctagaggtgagtttagcttttcccagcttggaacgattagttaatggtgtttttttccgcagtacatctacagcagcctgagcaacctgaacatcgatcacgggtttcctcacaactcccgtcccttcatcttccaggaggtaattgatcacggtcacgaaa
>DRORNAHEL 722 Real 1. site
atcgtagactgcggcttcgagcatccctcggagggtgagtacttgcactccacctggagcgacgaaaggtacagtcgctaacgatgctctccgcttgcagttcagcacgagtgcattccgcaggccgtactgggcatggacatcctctgtcaggccaagtccggcatgggtaagaccgccgtcttcgttctggccacgct
>DRORNAHEL 1042 Real 2. site
caaggtgagtctacgttttaatccattgtatataattcaaaaaaaagtttggttcgactatatagttactatatattaattcgatattttttctatttaggtggctgtcttctttggcggaatggctattcaaaaggacgaggagaccctcaagagcggcaccccgcatattgtggtgggcacccctggccgaattctcg
>DRORNAHEL 1288 Real 3. site
tgtgctcgacgagtgcgacaagatgctggagcagctgggtaagttgactaataatcaccaaatgacggacgttttactaataaccaaaccattcttttagatatgcgtcgtgacgttcaagagattttccgtagcaccccgcacggcaaacaagtgatgatgttctctgccacattgagcaaggacattcgtcccgtttg
>DRORNAHEL 2078 Real 4. site
tgttgtatgttccgaggcgagcctagtctaagttcgatttctctgtacccctcctaattgtgtcctttaaaatgcgccacattatatttcccaaatccagcccatggaggtctacgtcgacgatgaggccaagctgacgctgcacggactgcagcagcactacgtcaatctgaaggagaacgagaagaacaagaaactgt
>DRORNAHEL 2269 Real 5. site
agaaactgttcgaactgctcgacgtgctcgagttcaatcaggtaggtcattcggtggtcttaacttatatttaccacttacttgattatccctgtcataggtggtcatctttgtgaagtctgtgcaacgttgcgtggctctgtcgcagctgctgacggagcagaacttccccgccatcggcatccatcgtgggatgaccc
>DRORNAHEL 2734 Real 6. site
cagtgagctgcccgaggaaatcgatctctctacatacagtaagttgcaatgatgagtaatccccagccaccagcagtgctaacttgattttcttttccagttgagggacgctagagctcgaaggtgcatgttaatcggaacaagactatgcacttcgaatagatacaaacctaaaaccttttttaaaactctactttata
>DROEDG78A 1268 Real 1. site
caattcccatcatcatgtacaaatatgtaagttcggttggacttggcacgcctcataccccagagtaccaatactgatcattgtactttgatcccaaaagctgttctgtcttgctctcatcggctgcgcctgcgccgacaacatcaacaaggatgcccagatccgcagcttccagaacgacgctaccgatgctgagggca
>DMU51043 844 Real 1. site
gcaatattctattataaataatatacaactaaatatataaagaagtaacacaaatgtttctatattattcaatcttttaaattctatatctttcacgcaggctcattggccacaagatcgtccagtatcgccttggcacaaagcagacgaaggtggtctgcaccagggatggccaggtgcgcggacatcgccgaagaaca
>DMU51043 1925 Real 2. site
tgctttaataaaattgctagggtttatattatatatttagattttcatcagcaatataccaagtcgtgattgctaactcaaancttgaaaaatatttcaggcttcctcagcctgccggatcgcgacttggatgtgcccggaaatgctggtctcaaggaccaagtgatggcccttcgctggatcagtcagaacatagccca
>DROSEP1HP 713 Real 1. site
gaacatttaatattaaaaataaggagttcaaagctcagtagtgttgcaaattgtataatagaaagtataaacgaagtatcacatcaatttttgtacccagcctaaaacccctggacgtagagttcatgaagaagctgcactctaaagttaacattgtgcccgtgatcgcaaaggccgattgtctcacaaagaaggagatc
>AF019362 6338 Real 1. site
atcagatagcaatgaaaaaagaagaaaacaatcttcctaatatataaaattaagacaatcctttacttataccaactttccccccttcttgaatttccaggtcgcattctataccatgtgccctgcaaagtctgcagagatcacagctccggcaagcattacggcatctacgcctgtgatggctgcgccggattcttcaa
>DRODFUR2X 3739 Real 1. site
tagctaccaaacatggatttatcaatagaggacaggtgagaatgtttgtccaacgctgcaatggaattggtgctcatacaatttacttaatttttcatagattggatcgctggacaactactatctgtttcagcatcaccatgtatcgaagcgttcgctgcgctctagtcgcaaacatcagggcgcccttaaatcagaga
>DRODFUR2X 3906 Real 2. site
gtcgcaaacatcagggcgcccttaaatcagagaacgaggtgtgtactctctaaaaaagtatccagttggagcagagatttcaatcatgattgccttgcaggtgaaatggatgcagcaacagcacgagaaggtgcgccgaaagagggacggcccgtaccaggacttacccacctacagtccgtataatcttttacgccaac
>DRODFUR2X 4467 Real 3. site
tggatttctttgttgattgattgcctattttttgcttatctcttcgccaatgtcatgtttaataatcaatttgtaaattcccacaaaaatcgctttgtagaatggcggcgccaaggatggcttggacatgaatgtgggtcccgcctggcaaaagggctacaccggcaagggcgtggtcgtgtccattctggacgatggca
>DRODFUR2X 4662 Real 4. site
tggcattcagacaaaccatcccgatttggcccaaaactatgtgagtatcccaacaaaaaaaaatcaatgatcaattgttaaaaatactatttaaacgcaggatcccgaggcctctttcgatataaatggcaacgattcggatccaacgccccaggacaatggtgacaacaagcacggaaccagatgtgccggcgaagtgg
>DRODFUR2X 4882 Real 5. site
ttttgcggagtgggagtggcctacaatgccagcattggtggtaagtgatcatggttgatatgtattaattgcaaaccatctaagctgtttgtgctattaggagtacgaatgctggacggaaaggtcaacgatgtggttgaggcccaggcattgagtcttaatccgtcacacatcgatatatacagcgcttcctggggacc
>DRODFUR2X 5237 Real 6. site
acaccaattcgatcttcaccctttccatttcgagtgccactcaagccgggtaagttgacaggatgtagacttggattctgattcagtaatgttgttgcagcttcaagccctggtacctggaggagtgctcctccacgctggctaccacctacagctccggaacgccgggacatgacaagagcgtcgccaccgtcgacatg
>DRODFUR2X 6521 Real 7. site
ccacacagtgcgttgcctgcagtcactaccgcttggacaagtaagtggtaccaacatgcgcatttgtggagctcgggtgctaatggttttctgtttacagtacttgtgtaagtcgctgcccaccgcgttcctttcccaaccaggttggaatctgctggccctgtcacgacacctgcgaaacgtgcgccggtgccggaccc
>DRODFUR2X 6778 Real 8. site
ctgcaattctgcccggacggatattttgaaagtaataatctggctttgttcatcaaaaatttgctattgttaaacaattatttctttgtactctccacagacagcaggaatagaacttgcgttccctgcgagcccaactgtgcctcatgccaggaccatcccgagtactgcactagctgtgatcaccatttggttatgca
>DRODFUR2X 7003 Real 9. site
cccttggatacgtacgaaacggaggataacaagtgagtaaacatatatttgattagctctcaataagagcttaatttgttaatcacatcgcgttcaatagatgtgccttctgccactcgacttgcgccacctgcaatggccccacggaccaggactgcatcacgtgccgctcgagtcgatatgcctggcaaaacaaatgc
>DRODFUR2X 7376 Real 10. site
atgtaagctcatccataagcaagcagtttatatcctggctaatttgccaaaaattgcttgatttaatgtataatttgctgacatgctcttcatcctgcagctgagttctacagccaggttgagggacaatgccgcccgtgccacgcctcctgcggcagctgcaacggtccagcggataccagctgcacgtcctgcccgcc
>DRODFUR2X 7736 Real 11. site
gaatgtcgcaccacctgtgccgatgggtaagctgttaagattgaattaccaccagtgtcccggagctgcagctttcaatgtgtgccgtatatcattatagatactacagcgatcgtggcatttgcgccaagtgctatctcagctgtcacacctgcagcggaccgaggcgcaaccagtgcgtccagtgcccggctggatgg
>DRODFUR2X 8002 Real 12. site
cagaagtgtcaccattactgcaagacgtgcaatggtatgatatactgtcaatcttctagcatggtggctaatgtgtttccccaatattttgcttttccagatgctggaccattggcgtgcacgtcgtgtccgccacactcgatgctcgatggcggtctgtgcatggagtgcctgagctcacaatattacgatacgacgtc
>DRODFUR2X 8352 Real 13. site
ttcgtcagcggcgtgctgcaattgcgatggcgaaaccggtaagcaaatagtttatacgagctgcaggatctaatataattgaaatggaaactgttttcaggcgaatgcaaggctacctcgacgggtggcaagcggcgcacggttgtgggcagtggtagtgcgtacaaaagcagcgaatccaagcacggatccttcgagaa
>DRODFUR2X 8641 Real 14. site
taacaatattctccatcatctttgctgttttacaggtaagaaactggactaaaggtaattgaatataatttcaagttcaagtttcgtactctttgtccagcgcaacagcaaccatgtatccagaaattcagtgcgatataggaaaatagcgaacacgtcgtcgggcaggcgaaagaacttgtccgctaagcccaccagcg
>DMYOLK 443 Real 1. site
ggcgccgagctgctgcagcaagtctgtgagtaatcctagatgcagataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacctcgaatattctatggaatatatatatcctttgtagaccacctgtcgcagatccaccacaacgttgagcccaactatgtgcccagcggcatccaggtctatgtgcccaagcccaatggtgacaagaccgttgctcc
>DMU51046 236 Real 1. site
aaagctagagactggctgtgttcggagatgtcggacgactagtgagggcattaataaaaatccagccccaattcgttacctattgttttgttttttttagcaacgaagatgcccccgtggtgcagacaacacatggaaaagtgaggggaatcctgcttaagtccctatatgacgaacagttttacgcttttgatggcatc
>DMU51046 573 Real 2. site
ctccgaggattgcctttacctgaacatatcagtaaaaactgtaagtcctctaaattagaaaacttaattccgaacagcaatcacgatggatttcttttagctaaacggtgatcccatgcctgtgatggtctacatccatggaggcgcttttaagggcggagattcttcgagacgcgcctggggtcccgactattttatga
>DMU51046 783 Real 3. site
tgtgtacataagcattggtcatcgactgggacccttaggtgcgctttcaaaaagctaaaacaataggtgttcgataacattttataccgggctctttcaggtttcctcagtctcaatgatcccgatcttgaagttcctggcaatgctggattgaaagacgttatcttggccctccgttggatcagggcaaacgcggccaa
>DMU66884 17909 Real 1. site
caaatacgagatttttgggtgatgatagacgatttatagtacttacgcacttatagatgataaacaaaatttaacaaaaaatttattttatttcctataggtattctgaattgcagtttttagcgtccaggagagcagctgccgtcgctgcagcggctactgttttaccaggatcaccatgcataaaccaacatcaccca
>DMU66884 18339 Real 2. site
ttctcttcaacgaactaattcagcttcatcttttcacggtatttaacttcttgtatttgtaaaaaagtaaccttaaaaagtatggatttttgtttgttagatccctatgtcaattgtgcatcagcattccatcttgccggacttggtttgggatcagctgattttttgggcagccgaggtttgagctctttgggtgaact
>DMU66884 19036 Real 3. site
ctgttacaaaggatgtaagccaggtcccagcggcagcattctcggtaattgttaattaatttaaaatatttaaaatgattatattatatcgtttatctagttgaagaacttagatgatgcaagagagaaaaagggaccctttaaagatgttgtccccgagcagccttcatcgacatctggcggcgtagcacaagtagaag
>DMU66884 19613 Real 4. site
cggcgtcataccggtgaaaagccacacaaatgcacggtaagattaataaattatataaaacaatttatatgaattccattttaaatcatgtgtaaattagtttgaaggctgctttaaggcatattcacgtttggaaaacctgaaaactcatttacggtcacacacaggagaaaaaccatacacttgcgagtatccgggat
>DMU66884 19831 Real 5. site
atgctagtgatcgcgcaaagcatcaaaatcgaacacacagtaatgaggtaagtctttcatctatataaaagtaatatttttcatttatagctatttttagaaaccgtacatttgtaaagcacctggatgcacaaaacgttacaccgacccgagctctttgagaaaacatgtaaaaacagtccatggagctgaattttatg
>DMH4R 1548 Real 1. site
ggcttgatttacgaggaaactcgcggtgtgctaaaggtacgttctggcgaaacgaagggaaagtggtgaaaaactgattaatttctcggaaaattcacaggtattccttgagaacgttatccgtgacgctgtcacctacaccgagcacgccaagcgcaagaccgtgaccgccatggacgtggtctatgccctcaagcgcc
>DROVERM 1271 Real 1. site
catgagctgtccctatgcaggaaacgggtgagcaccagcacgtgctgtccaggaatgccaatcgatcttcagttctgcgattcaattcaaacccatacagaaacgatcacgatgattcggcggtgccattaaccacggaagtgggcaaaatctatggagagtatctgatgctggacaaactgctggatgcccagtgtatg
>DROVERM 1492 Real 2. site
cccgtgcacgatgagcatctgttcatcatcacgcaccagggtgagtaggtttacaactttgatgacaacactcaatggcatttaagtaccttcgccacagcctacgagctttggttcaagcagatcatctttgagttcgactccatacgagacatgttggatgcagaggtcatcgatgaaaccaagacgctggagattgt
>DROVERM 1680 Real 3. site
gctggagattgtcaagcgactgaaccgagtggttctgattctaaaagtgagtgctttctgaatctcttaccaaaatccgtttataacttcctttgtacagctcctggtggaccaagtgcccattctggagaccatgaccccgctagacttcatggacttccgcaagtacctggcacccgcatctggttttcagtcgctgc
>DROVERM 2378 Real 4. site
agtggagatgtaagtattgcattctttgatactcttttataaatatatcttatgtttaagactggttttcctaaccaaatactttctattcccgccgcagacaatcacgtgatcatggtgcaacgcatgattggatcccaacagttgggcactggtggctcgtctggatatcaatatctgcgctccactctcaggtgatc
>DROVERM 2548 Real 5. site
tcaatatctgcgctccactctcaggtgatcatcgcagatgtgattatatcggggatcaatgaactcaaactgttctccctttgtttttttttggtttcagtgatcggtacaaggtgtttctggatctgttcaatctgtccacttttctgattccccgcgaggcgattccaccgctggacgagaccattcgcaagaaactg
>DMU59923 1935 Real 1. site
ggtctatttatgtacacaatatattcggcaatccattcgaacactctttttattgcatcagccccggtatcgtgtgatattaattgagtcattcaactaggtggcctggcgacggcgcacctaatcaatggcacggtgcccgtggagatagtgtggagcaaggaggagacttcgctgcagttcccagataatcgcctgtt
>DMU59923 3102 Real 2. site
agaaatcttcgctatgggaggacatggttaattttttttttggagggcaagttcgtggatgcgttagtacgttatgatctggcgcgagtcggcattttagtgtcgagaaaaatctttcgctgtgggaggagatggttaagggctctgagaagggtcaaaatactgcgtgcgcggccaagatcgacatgagctctcccaac
>DMU59923 3331 Real 3. site
ctgtaagaacgagccacatccacgcacgggaaccaaatacaagtgagtataacaaataaattgtcaatagaaaatcagttgtatcttttatcatttgcagggtgtaccccacctacgattttgcctgccctatcgtggacgccatcgaaaatgtgacccacaccctgcgcaccactgagtaccatgaccgagatgatcag
>DMU59923 4774 Real 4. site
gcccttgctgacgttgcaaagagtttttgaaaaatattaatacattgctgcagtttagctcgttatcagaattctcaacaaatatatgtttcttttacagaaaaaggcatcatcacctgtaagttcttccggccaagcttccgaattggacagccaaattacccagcaaggcgatctggtccgagacctgaagtctaaaa
>DMU59923 6694 Real 5. site
tctgccgattcgcctcaatcagtggaataacgttgtcgtaagtattgcctgattggcctatttatcgttgctaaccattgcctcatgttttatgttgtagcgctgggaattcaagcaaccaactcctttcctacgtacccgcgagttcctgtggcaggagggtcacaccgccttcgccgacaaggaagaagccgccaagg
>AF035551 1467 Real 1. site
ccacatactcgctgggtgacgcatagtttggaaatctggtgcagcggcgataagccatctatgaagcctcctaaattctcccatttcccacacattccagccggatccagtcgctcccgcaatcccccggatcagctaagcctgaataatcttagcatacgccatccgccctcgtccacgtcgtccacttcttcgggatc
>AF035551 2367 Real 2. site
attgccaagaccaaggatgcgggctgcaggccctacatggcggtaatgattgtcatttgatttcacaacatttttaccgcaattgtatgcatttgtgcagccggagcgcattgatccagaacgtgccaagggctacgatgtacgaagcgatgtttggtcattgggcatcacattaatggaggtggcgactggtaatttcc
>AF035551 2739 Real 3. site
ctgattgtcttatcgtattgtctttcatatagtaaattatcataatatctgaagctaattttctttggctaatgactttttcataatattaacattcaaggttgtgcaaggcgaaccgccgcgacttttgacatcctataacggcatggagttttccaaagagtttgtggactttgtcaatacttggtaagcaccagtaa
>AF035551 2890 Real 4. site
ttttccaaagagtttgtggactttgtcaatacttggtaagcaccagtaaagcctagaaaacttaataatagtaactaataaagcattattatcgttttagcctaattaaaaaggagagcgatcgacccaagtatagccgtctgctggagatgcccttcatacgtcgtggcgagacgagccacactgatgttgccgtgtat
>DMPP4 3132 Real 1. site
cctgaccgtctggtcggcacccaattactgctatcggtgagtcagcctcctgtgcaatttcgaacttgtgttgttaactctggaatctctccacatgcagctgcggcaatgtagctgccatcctggagctgaatgagtacctgcaccgcgacttcgtcatctttgaggcagctccgcaagagagtcgcggcattccctcg
>DMSAL 802 Real 1. site
gagccgcctcagtaccgaaacttcagccacgatgaaactactggtgcgtcttctaacttagaaatccttaaataataataatacaattttataactacagattgctctgtttgcgctggtgaccgctgtgatcgctcagaatggattcggccaagttggacaaggaggatatggagggcaaggaggatttggaggattcg
>DMRAFPO 2419 Real 1. site
cggagtttgataatgcaggccagacctcctttgccggtgagtctaaatatttgctgttcatataattttgtggcttaacatatgtatggatttcttacagcatccgtgcacagatcactccaactccacgcaagcgtcgcccacgagcaccttgaaacacaatcgtcccagggccaggtccgccgatgagagcaataaaa
>DMRAFPO 2628 Real 2. site
taagagacgccaaaagttccgaggaaaactgggtaagctaagattacttgtgcggtcactcacatatttaaaataatcaaaaaatgttatattcctgcagaatattctggcggaggagattttaattgggccgcgcatcggatcgggttcctttggaaccgtttatcgcgcccattggcacggtcccgtgcccgtaaaga
>DMRAFPO 3067 Real 3. site
atggattacctgcatgccaagaatatcattcataggtgggtttccgtatggtcatcagttgtaatcggttaataattatattttcatttctctcttttagagacctcaagtcaaacaacatctttttgcacgaggatctttccgtgaagataggcgacttcggattggccactgcgaaaactcgatggtcgggcgaaaag
>DROMDR50A 1153 Real 1. site
caacagtttgatattcggtaatctcgccaatgtaagtcaaaaatgctgttccaaaatcatagatctttatctatttatacatctatcttaatatccaaaggacatgattgacttgagtggactgcttgagagcggaaaatcgtatcgagctgacgatgctatttctactttgcttctggacaaagtgcggcagttctccc
>DROMDR50A 1616 Real 2. site
tcacacgtttcttatcagttgctttcaaagttaccatcttataaatagttaaaaaaaatcaaagatatgccaatcgaattaaatgtgccgcctttttcagagatctctccaaaatggaggatggcttggccgaaaaagtggtcatgttcgtccattaccttgtcgccttcgtgggatctttggtgctagcctttgtcaag
>DROMDR50A 3626 Real 3. site
tttgtgcccgactctccggagatgctgctgcagttcagggtgtaagtgtaaattggatttcacatttgtagcttacctaatgatttcaatgttcccccaggccactggtcaacgaattggaacgatcattcaatcgatctccactctggcattgggcattgccttgtccatgtattacgagtggagtctgggattggtgg
>DROMDR50A 3995 Real 4. site
ccagaactacattggcatgctgattccagctgttgaggtaggctctatatagtacttttttttttaatttgttaattcatttccaatattatctctatagatttccaagagaaatacccacttccgaggattggtctacggtctcgcccgttccctgatgttctttgcctatgctgcttgcatgtattatggaacatggt
>DROMDR50A 4204 Real 5. site
accgcggaattttgtttggagatgtattcaagtaagtgacgaaatagcacacttaacttgataaatttcctaacacctcatctctccccatttattttagggtatcccaagccgtgatcatgggtacggcttccattgccaatgcattggcctttgctcccaatatgcagaagggagtttcggcagccaagaccatcttt
>DROMDR50A 4828 Real 6. site
agtccaatatccacgaattcatcgctaacctgcccttggtaagagcccctatcttgacttttctctcgaatttctagtaatatagtaccttatcccatagggttatgatacaagaatgggcgagaagggtgctcagttgtccggaggtcagaagcagcgcatagctattgcacgagccctcatccggaatccgaaaatca
>DROMDR50A 5038 Real 7. site
cgaggccacttctgccttggacgctgaaagtgaaaaggttggagtacagagccctgttctatataggacttccgtattcatttatctaattcttcttcaggttgtccaagatgcactcgatgccgcctctgagggacgtaccacgatcagtatagcccaccgactctccaccgttgtccactccgacgtaatattcgtct
>DRODMRBA 824 Real 1. site
ggaggaagaaggtccactcagcgtgactaagttaatagtgagtaggctgcgacaatctcgaccaggattatgggcattccctacaatatcctccttctagggcggcagcatcacggccaaggacatcaagctgctccagcaggccagtctgcacaccgtggagtcggtggccaatgccaccaagaagcaactgatggcca
>DMPCGENE 1270 Real 1. site
gtgtatgtgaggctgtttttgtttcgctgaatggaaaatcaattagttgtctaagaaaatgcaatccgacccccactccttcacttactcgattttccagggcgtcgtggagtaccgtgtcaagtggaagggctggaaccagcgctacaacacctgggaaccggaggtaaacatcctggatcgccgcctcatcgacatct
>DMU34039 847 Real 1. site
agcagggcaaacagtgtcccaataggtgggtttttgactaaacacaaaatccaagaattgtcaaaactaactcggtatttttatttttttttcttgacagaaattgcaatggtcgcttggaaatccaggcttgccgcggccactgcggctatccagtgacccacttctggcgcagggacggaaatggaatctatttccag
>DMP11 423 Real 1. site
aaggagagaatggcggaacaaaacgattccaacggaaactacgacgatggtgaagaggtgagttgcagaatgaccaannnnnnttaaaattcacccgcagatcaccgagccagagcagctgcgcaaactgttcatcggcggactggactaccgcaccaccgatgatggcctgaaggctcacttcgagaagtggggcaaca
>AF069037 373 Real 1. site
tgcgctgaccgtcaaaaatgacggcaccttctacaggtgagcgttaactgtctcttagcatcttggcatccagatatatatataagcaattctcgcacagattccagacgccctacttttggccctcgaattgctgggagcccgagaatacggactatgccgtctacctttgcaagcgcaccatgcagaataagacgcgt
>AF069037 666 Real 2. site
ttaacagaaatcatatttcacaaataactatcttttggatactcttttataatatgaatgatttaattctgatgattttcatatgatttcatatttccaggccgaatcgcagagcaaagtggccaagaagcgggataagctggagcggaaggtgctggactcgcaggagcgggccttctgggatgtccaccggccaatgc
>AF069037 1019 Real 3. site
gtcgcacaatcaaagtgtcaaaggcggccgaggcgtaagaaatctatttatacatacaaatattaattaattacattaaaatttacattttttttcgcagtttggttgcctactacgatcagtacaatgagttcgattactttataacctcgcccgagctgccgaatccttggcaaacagacagcaccgagatgtgggat
>AF069037 1206 Real 4. site
cgagatgtgggatacggagaaaaataggtaagtaactaaaattgttaaaataaaaaataattcgtttaattaataactaaattactattcaatccaacagcaaagaagttcctgtgcggcgcgtgaagcgctgggcattcagtttgcgggagttactgaacgatgccattggacgcgagcagttcaccaagttcttggag
>AF069037 1463 Real 5. site
gggaaataagaaatcattaagccagcaacttaaactcttcctcaaaaattatttaaatgcgctttgattattaaacatctatcttcttcacttcccgcagattctgggaatcggtgcaggagatgaaggcgctgccgcagtcggagatcaaggaggcgatccagaagatatggcaggagttcctcgcccccgaggcgccc
>DROVITB 742 Real 1. site
cagtgtcaaaccaaatgcctagagacggtgagtactggggaaacgaggaggaaaacatcaggagaagcgctctataactcaccaatttcgtccattttagatcgtacaacatctgccgaattccgcaaatatagtatgctccgcactgggtcacgattgtcacaaggaacgggcctatttgttcatcaagaactgtcaca
>DROBSHHB 782 Real 1. site
ttgtatttaagcatattagcataaaaatcactattggacataaagagaatagtttacatcgaaatccaatagacccctaattgaaccacttgcttcgtaggtccaaccaccactcgcgacatggaacttcccactacaacggagatcagatttcgcagcagttgggatctggagcagcacaacatccgccggtgcccacg
>DROBSHHB 1442 Real 2. site
actgcgaaatattcggtgtaaatgaccatcaacaccgaaagttttcatttgttccaactataacgaagttaaccaaattttgcatcctttgccctttcagccagcctgttcgggggagcgcccttcttcggagcgcctggctgtgtgccggaactggccctcggactgggaatgggcgtgaatgccctgcgccactgccg
>DROBSHHB 2162 Real 3. site
agccggctccttgtgatgcaaaaagttttgctcaagtttcaacgcaaatcaaattagttctaaattttgtggaaatttctttgactcttccatgccgcagagcccgtcgacttctcacgcagcgaaccgggcaagcagccgggcgaggccacctcctcctccggggactccaagcacggcaaactgaatcccggatctgt
>DMBSG25D 1430 Real 1. site
gatccgataattgagaagctagccgctcgttttggtagccacctaagatccatacaactcttccagttctctgctaacttatatctattgaatcttccagagcgttcactggtgattacggatgagccgctaaacaacacatacatcgagagtccgccggagtcttccgatcgcgaggtttcacccaaactcgtcgtggg
>DMBSG25D 2843 Real 2. site
ctatatgtataaaaatgtgtatatacaacagcgaagccaatctcattcgtcccacgctaattgttaattgccatgatttacagacaccgtgacgccgcagcaattggagacgatctcagtgcatagcattatggaagcctgggagctggccagcattcccaacactcgcaacctacttcacgtcctgggattcgatgagg
>DROAPRTZ 902 Real 1. site
ggagcactaatagtgctgcgatggtgattatggggcaagcaaatggacccttatcaggttgttaatgtgtaaaatcatttgttttcatattaaacatcagtgacatattcggagccctcaccgatccgaaggcatgtgtgtacttgcgcgatttgcttgttgatcacatccgggaaagtgctcccgaggcggagatcatc
>DROAPRTZ 1214 Real 2. site
tggagtacaaactggagtacggtagtgtgagtactcccaaatatattacttactattcccaagcacaaagatgtttatgctttcaacttaaatatcccaggacacctttgagctgcaaaaatccgccattaagcccggccaaaaagtcgttgtcgttgacgatctactagccacaggtggttccctggtggccgccactg
>DMRPL19 281 Real 1. site
cgaacatgcgacgctcatgcacacacacacacaagctgataggcgcatcccagcacgctactttcgaaatgatggactaacaagttaccctcctttgcagttctctaaagctccagaagaggctcgcagcctccgtgctgcgatgcggcaagaagaaggtctggttggatcccaatgaaatcaacgagatcgctaacaca
>DMRPL19 454 Real 2. site
aatgaaatcaacgagatcgctaacacaaactcgcgtgagtagaaatggtctaaatggtcgaatagacagcccagctaactgtgttgttaacccattccaggtcagaacattcgcaagcttatcaaggatggtctgatcatcaagaagcccgtcgtggtccactcccgttaccgtgtgcgcaaaaacaccgaggcccgccg
>DRODGQ 994 Real 1. site
ttgcacttagcctggcttaatgcaattgaagccgcctcgctaattgcattgtttgcccgccgcttatggctatatatattttccaatcctatatccccaggcactggcgagtccgggaagtccacattcatcaaacagatgcgtattatccacggcagcggttactcggacgaggacaagcgtgggtacatcaagctggt
>DRODGQ 1241 Real 2. site
atatgctgaagatttcctacggccagggagagcatagtgtaagtgaaacattgatctaattgaagtcactgaatcttaaacaacatcttacgatccacaggaactggccgatctggtgatgagcatcgattacgagaccgttaccacgttcgaggatccatacttgaatgccatcaaaacgctgtgggacgatgctggca
>DRODGQ 1911 Real 3. site
tcagcgaaattgatggactgagacgggttgcaaaactatttttgccactgcttttggttccgttcattgttttaaaagtgtattaatttatctaatttagctacttgagcgatctagctcgaattgaacaggctgattacttgccaaccgagcaggatattctgcgtgctcgagtgccgacaactggcattcttgagtat
>DRODGQ 2250 Real 4. site
tgcttgcgctctagaattaaatgcttgtatgtttagccttatatgtagttaatttgttggttaacttttcttacaataatatatttttcttaataaacagaatggtagacgtcggtggtcagcgatccgagagaagaaagtggattcattgctttgagaatgtgacatcaattatatttttggtagcgctatcggagtac
>DRODGQ 2444 Real 5. site
gagtacgatcaaatcttgtttgaatctgataatgaggtatgatttcaagttatgaatatatattgtttttaatcaaataatcaactgtacgctttcacagaatcgaatggaggaatctaaagctttatttcgtactataattacatacccttggtttcaaaattcgtcagttattcttttcctgaataagaaggacttgt
>DRODGQ 2661 Real 6. site
tattcgcatttggtagactattttcctgaatacgatggtaagtgttccgcatgataaaggtggccataattatgtacgattttatgcggcaatgaaccaggtccaaaacaggatcacgctgcggccaaacagttcgttctgaaaaagtacttggcctgcaatccagatcccgaacgtcaatgctattcgcatttcacaac
>DRODGQ 3237 Real 7. site
tgccgctgatctagagtagagagtagttgtgtatcgctagtcaaatttgcaaacctaaacgaactgatttctaataaaacaacgatctcttggtaaacagataccgaaaacatcaaacttgtgttctgcgctgtcaaagatacaattatgcaaaatgcacttaaggaattcaatttgggctaaggcgggcagtgcggata
>DROOPSAA 344 Real 1. site
caatgtgagtgattgggggaaatgatttatgttagttctagttttaattgtaatcctttgtggtggcacttcaacttattgccttcttgcaatcccgcaggtgctgcccgacatggcgcacctggtgaacccctactggagccgctttgcgcccatggatcccatgatgagcaaaattctgggattgttcaccctggcca
>DROOPSAA 1343 Real 2. site
gattgtgtacggcattaggtgagtgaataaataggtttaaaaaaaaaacaatttccgtttgatatctatatctaatttatatgtttcttaacttccttagccatcccaagtaccgcatagttctcaaggaaaaggtatacctttttagccattctaatgttattcactaatcctttctcgccctttagtgccctatgtgt
>DROOPSAA 1431 Real 3. site
taacttccttagccatcccaagtaccgcatagttctcaaggaaaaggtatacctttttagccattctaatgttattcactaatcctttctcgccctttagtgccctatgtgtgtgtttggcaatacggatgagccgaaaccggatgcacccgcttccgatacggaaactacatctgaggcggattcaaaggcttaaatcg
>DMRP128 2156 Real 1. site
acgcctacaacctgaaggtcttcacacagcaaagggctttggagtacatgggtaggtttgtttaccctagttaaatcttgttcttaaaatacctttttaggctccaagttggtggtcaagcgttttcagagtgccaccacaaaaacgccatcggaagaggcccgtgagctgctgttaaccaccattttggcgcatgtgcc
>DMTROPONI 3792 Real 1. site
gtgcagtgctgtgttcgaatatcatatctagtgttgtgtccagttttggatgtgagcaaaccatgctgatacccggattgttcgttcatttaatttgcaggctaagaaggctaaacaggctgagatcgagcgcaagcgtgctgaggtgcgcaagcgcatggaggaagcctccaaggccaagaaggccaagaagggtttca
>DMTROPONI 3985 Real 2. site
ggtttcatgaccccagagaggaagaagaaactcagggtaagtttccagcatataccaacgcttgtatgatcgccagctaatcaaagccctccacttgcagttgctgctgcgtaagaaagccgctgaggagctgaagaaagaacaggaacgcaaagcggctgaacgtagacgcatcatcgaagaacgttgcggcagtccca
>DMTROPONI 4703 Real 3. site
accaccaaccctctccaacacaaccaacaccccattccacaaccacaaccaactccgaaccactccgaaaaaccgaatataaaaaccccattatgaacagacacactcaaatctctgatcaagcaacactatgacaggattaataaattggaggaccagaaatatgatcttgagtatgttgttaaacgcaaggatgttga
>DMTROPONI 10431 Real 4. site
tatgtgtcgatagaccgattgacaattgtcgatgaaatgatactaatcgcgtaccctttttcttcccaactctctcaacgtgcctggcttggcaacacagatcaacgatctcaatgcccaagttaacgatcttcgcggcaagttgtaagtacaattgaaataatcgacacgaatgcgataactaatcgattgcattcgaa
>DMTROPONI 10540 Real 5. site
ctcaatgcccaagttaacgatcttcgcggcaagttgtaagtacaattgaaataatcgacacgaatgcgataactaatcgattgcattcgaataactttagcgtcaagccagccctgaagaaggtctccaaatacgaaaacaaattcgccaagctgcagaagaaggccgctgagttcaacttccgcaaccagctcaaggtg
>DMTROPONI 11328 Real 6. site
ccagatgttgtatgtgaccatttgggatggtacatgagcctactaataccgatatcttctctactctattccgccatgatatccacgtccggatgagcagaagaaacccgactggtccaagggcaagcccggagatgccaaggtgaaggaggaggttgaggccgaagcttaagtgtccacacgtccactagtgtccactg
>DROSSGA 1754 Real 1. site
atgggtgatcggttcacagacgaggatgtatgttgtcaagttgtttacgatatcaagtcggagtgtgcccttacaacttcttttccatttacattcacaggtggacgagatgtatcgggaggcgcccatcaaaaacggtctgttcgactacctcgaattcacgcgcatccttaagcacggtgccaaggacaaggatgagc
>DROP40A 494 Real 1. site
tttcaacttcactgctgaccagccacgcctcaacgcctcggagtgtttgcccccagtctctgatagatacaccatattctaatacacacttattttgcagatcttcgtcatctcgtcgcgtccgatcggccagcgcgcggtgctgaagttcgccaagtacaccgacaccactccgatcgccggccgcttcacgcccggtg
>DROSUSG 3309 Real 1. site
agcaacagcaccaagtcaaaaaagcctcgcccattagaaggtgaaagctcattcagttgtttcattgattcttcttgtttaatctggatgtattccctagatgaccatgctagcagcattgagttggcgattgccaatgccctcaagaagaagggcatagagcccccaatgccccgcatgcgttcgtctaaccaggatac
>DROSUSG 4248 Real 2. site
agtttcattaagggattttagtaatagttaaaaaggttatatgaacacacacatgttttcttattgaaactcctattgactttatcttaatcctttccagaaccgttcccgacgtgacgagaacgacgtgtctgtggtgccaggcggcgttgaggacatggacgaatatgagatgatgaacgtacgtggcggcagcccgc
>DROSUSG 5606 Real 3. site
aggacgccaagccgcaaacccaagctgaattggaaagcaggtgagctaatcaatgcaaaacaaattacaatttccttattttaatatatatgttcactagcactcctccttcaaagcgggaaacggaggccaacaatagtaactcgaagagcaacggactcatcatggtggactacacgcagtacctcaaggatgcacat
>DROSUSG 5825 Real 4. site
atccgcgtgagtagatggcaccatttgaacttaatctatttcttttcattctcttcacggcgttatgaataattttattaacttgcgaatttcattccagtggacgacgatcgggatgacgacgaacaactgatcatagacgatggcaacgattccaccgccgaagaggaccagcaacctaagaaagccaaggcaccgcc
>DROPPP 974 Real 1. site
ttccgctggcggctaacaacaaggatcgccatggtaggatttggatgtgatagttgtgattctggatagtttctaatggattatttaattgtgaactcaggtatcgccctggatggtcacttgaaggacgaggatgtcaacctggcttcatccaccatggtgcaggagggcaagtccacgggagatgcctgtggtattgt
>DROPPP 1231 Real 2. site
gacggatgtgcccttcaagctgctccaaccggcaccgggtaagcttgcgaagattacttgaacttgacttctagtttgtaattcctttgatgtggtataggaaccattgagaagaagcgctcgaatgccatgaagaaaatgaagtccatcgagcagcaccgcaatgtgaagggctattaccaggatgatgacgataatat
>DMDEADBXA 211 Real 1. site
tcctgggcctacgtccatggttggttaagcagctgaccaagttgggtaatgtcaagccgtccacgggtttacccaagtaattaaacctttgcgctttcaggcctgaagggagcaactccaatccaacagaaatgcatcccagcgatattggcgggccaggattgcattggagctgccaagacgggctcgggcaagacctt
>DMDEADBXA 811 Real 2. site
gacttcataaaggagtccagcatatttcccattgccagcgatgtaagttttatgaataccctgttgaatggtactaatagatatcttaatccgaatgtagtgttttgaatggtgcgaggcatcagcagtgcgcactgtagagactctggaccacggttatctcgtgtcggccgactacgatccggacatggtcttaatag
>DMDEADBXA 1035 Real 3. site
agaacgaaaacgctaatgtcatgatcttcaccaacacaaaaaagttagttgcacaataataggaagtaaattctaaggatttaataacgaatcattttaggtactgtcagcttctctcgatgacactgaagaacatggaaatcgataatgtttgcttgcatggtttcatgcgccaaaaggagcgcgtagctgctctaagt
>DMDEADBXA 1457 Real 4. site
gagatcaacaccaaacttacagagcatcccatcgatcgtaagttttgtggaattagtggcacacaaatactatatttaatatatatattatataaattagagcgcatggtggagagaatctttatgcaagtaaatgtcacgcgccgtgaatcagagatgcaattagataataactgtttcgacgagcgagcgcaaaacta
>DMDEADBXA 1674 Real 5. site
ttatggaggggaaggaccccgaccaaatggaagctttgtaagcagaggaaaatacgcatattcgttgtattttataacaatttttgtatcccatccacaggtatcgtaaaaaacagaaggataaactaagggaaatacgccgaaagagaaaactgcagcacgcagagtcggcagccagcgaagagggcaaagctctccta
>DMEHAB 1957 Real 1. site
gtcattatacgcacaagagatttggtaagctatataaatttccctactttctgtatgctcttgtactaaactactatttctgcttaatgttttcttgcagactccatgggtggcattgattttgttcaggtgggttagaaatttaagttttagtgattttaatataaataaatatttaacttaaatcatattgggtcatt
>DMEHAB 2187 Real 2. site
atgcattcatttgatcctgagatttaaatattaatatccttaaaagttccacaaattatattaacaaaattgttttacatatttttaattttttatccaggtgtgccttaacaactgcgtccagtgcaagaccatgctgggagattacttccaggggcagacctgtgccctttcctgcctcaagttcaagggcaaagcca
>DMOSBP2 353 Real 1. site
gcggcgcagcgtgacgagaacgtgggttaatgaagtgcccggccgcactgctgcgcctccgccctgccacgcccacttaagcaacaatttttaattgcagtatccaccgccgggcatcctgaaaatggccaagcccttccacgacgcgtgtgtggagaagacgggcgtaaccgagggtgagtagcaaatggcaatgggcc
>DMOSBP2 858 Real 2. site
tttgcagaagccaatgtggtgcttattggctaaataaagctgtccaaaactgtgcagttgtggcagtctaagtttaaatttccattcatttcatctccagctgccatcaaggagttcagcgatggggagattcacgaggacgagaagctcaaatgctacatgaactgcttcttccacgagatcgaagtggtggacgacaa
>DMOSBP2 1169 Real 3. site
caaggcctggtggttccaccagtgctggaaaaaggccgatcccaaggtgcgaccgaaatccttttaagctgagacccaattcccaatttcttcattgcagcactacttcttgccgtgaacacctggccacctttcagcccagttcccagttccatgtccgtggaccacccgttgccgaccccgctcxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
>DMU35631 540 Real 1. site
gtgaagttactcaaaatgccaacacaagctccatagggtagaatattctatttacaccattataatgagcaaatatattaatgtatcccccaatgcccagcaccataccatcgaatggcctggtcgaaagcgatgtgacgcctattatgactcccacaccgaaggccggtgtctacaaaccaaatgttaacgtctggcgc
>DMU35631 2143 Real 2. site
agaatcccatctaacccacaaagtgtctagattgagcgtaagttactgcaccgtaagtttaatcctcattagataacctttctatattggacaattacagcaaagacgctgtcgacagcgttttacgcgctctttacacgcgaaaaaaaataacccacgcgagcaactaccaaatcctgacagcgccccagaaccaatac
>DMU35631 3532 Real 3. site
gaacaactccaccaatcaaacactggccctcgccaaactgtgcccgtaaggtggacaaaactagaaattacgctgtatattaagttaacctaatttgcagaatcttcgggctgccaatttatatgggtgctcaggccagcaatagtctctggaactctataattcagaagcacaacgctgagggtcaaattgtggtcaac
>DMU35631 4057 Real 4. site
aattattctcgaaacttgaaatactatttacaacttttgttactgttctgtgctcctctaatcgatggcaactaacgttttccatcccgctcatttccagatgtcttctctagcaagacctatatagtgctgaagcaattagctgagtgctttgccaacgtggcgctgcggctggaggtccttgaatcggacgtttgtgt
>DMU66357 247 Real 1. site
catagcgactggagcaagtaaacataacctccagcacgtgggtgaaaatgattgaggaatgctcaatgaaaacacgtttcttttctgctctcccttacagtcgaatatcaagcggaagaagaccaggaagctgcgtggtcatgtgagccacggtcacggccgtatcggcaagcaccgcaagcatcccggaggtcgcggta
>DMU66357 784 Real 2. site
gaggacagcctttcagatcaaagccagcagttcttgcacccgtccgcaccccgttgtaacccattgtattgactctggtgtccttctcatctctccacagggctactacaagctgctgggccgtggtcacctgcccgcccgccccgtcatcgtgaaggccaagtacttctccaagaaggctgaggacaagatcaagaagg
>DMBCDG 2140 Real 1. site
atgatgattagtgaaagtaatattgcaagattcggtccccgaagcgaatcgtcctttcacgtttttatataaagacagtgtaccccttgattctttgaagcttttcgatgagcgaacgggagcgataaactacaactacatacgtccgtatctgcccaaccagatgcccaagccaggtgagctcaaagccaacaaagtca
>DMBCDG 2256 Real 2. site
cgggagcgataaactacaactacatacgtccgtatctgcccaaccagatgcccaagccaggtgagctcaaagccaacaaagtcagccatcgtcttatcagatgtctttccctcagaggagctgcccgactctctggtgatgcggcgaccacgtcgcacccgcaccacttttaccagctctcaaatagcagagctggagca
>DMBCDG 3728 Real 3. site
ctcatatgctgatgaacatttttagctataaattgtaacaataatttagcaatttcaattgaatttatttatgttctaaatgcgttcgctctctccctagatcttggagcctttgaagggtctggacaagagctgcgacgatggcagtagcgacgacatgagcaccggaataagagccttagcaggaaccggaaatcgtg
>AF039233 605 Real 1. site
tgaaactctttgaaatttaaaatgaaattggattgagctgtatacagtatccgttgatctactacaaaaactcagagctaattacccccaccatctgcagtaattgtccgggacatggtgcaaatgccgccgccgccctcgaacgcccccacatcggcggacgcctgtctgagcatcgtccactcgctgatgtgccatcg
>AF039233 960 Real 2. site
atggtcgcttgcaggtaggttgagtctctcagactttttgcatcgaatttgataatgtgtattagcaatgaacttaccactttaccattctctatcgaaggttgctggacgcaagggttttccgcacgtcatatacgcccggatttggcgctggcctgacctgcacaagaacgagctgaagcacgtcaagtactgcgcct
>AF039233 1516 Real 3. site
tcattttacttaataattgtttatattcgtttatttctttggttttaataatttatttatatttgtttccttttggcgattttatgttgactttgcgtagttggcgatgccaatcccatgagtgcaatgtttcccaccgggcgcacaataccaaaaatcgagccccaggatggagttgctgggtcgcgtggctcttggat
>AF039233 1894 Real 4. site
tttttttttatatgttggattttaaactattataatatttgtcttattaacaattagttgaatgaatacacattaatcttttcccaaaatcaactttcagctgtgcctcacggtatgccgggcatgcctggtccaatgaatcccggtcccgtgatggcacccccacccccgccgcagcaggctcagaatccccagggcaa
>AF039233 2569 Real 5. site
atgcaaccaccagatccgcgctctctacccgggggcttctgtaagtctaggctatgtagcccactgtgcgactttgtaatccctgtccttcattttccagggaattcgtcgctttcgggtgacctcggctccccgcaacagacgcctccgcagcagcaacaacaacagcagcaaccacgcctcctgtctcgccaaccgcc
>AF039233 2913 Real 6. site
gagcaatgttcatcgcactgaacaatcggaacgggccaggtgagtacatccccctgggagtaacttgcagagcagggattaattaccaagttccatgcaggctccacatcggcaagggcgtgcaattggatctgcgtggggagggcgacgtctggctgcgctgtcttagtgacaattcagttttcgtacaaagctattat
>AF039233 3138 Real 7. site
ctggcgatgctgtgcacaagatttatccggccgcgtgcataaaggttggtgcaatcatgagagtttaatgtgatagcttaacatacattttctcatgcaggtgtttgacctgcgccagtgccaccagcagatgcactcgctggcgaccaatgcgcaggcagcggccgctgctcaggcggcagccgtggccggagtggcca
>AF039233 3324 Real 8. site
ggccggagtggccaatcagcaaatgggcggcggcggaaggagtaagtagatggaatcagtttgatttagggacaactaatgtgttgatgcggtattccaggcatgacagcagcggctggaattggcgtggacgatctgcgccggttatgcatcctgcgcctgagcttcgtcaagggctggggacctgactacccacgcca
>DMU51047 400 Real 1. site
cgcgaacggacaacgacgcttaatgatgtcaaaggaaaggtgagtttttaaacgccggtagacccgagaattttcattcattcatcgtgcttggttacagcagcctggaaacttgcgaacttactctgcccgtgggccaaattaagggcgtcaaacgccttagtctttacgacgatccctacttcagcttcgagaagatc
>DMU51047 739 Real 2. site
gcgaggattgtctgtatctgaacgtctattccaagcaggtaatttaggccaaagactaccttttctttaatcactgatatctgctgacttactttcgaagctgaaaagtgagaagccattgccggtgatggtgtacatttatggcggggccttcaccgtaggagaggccacccgcgaattgtacggcccggactatttta
>DMU51047 1087 Real 3. site
cttttactgaaaatataattatttcataattttatattcatattctttccattgattgaaagtcaattaagtgttaagcaaattcatttatttcttaaaggattcctatcgctcaaggacccgagtctgaaagttcccggaaacgcaggactcaaggaccaagtgctagctctcaagtgggtcaagcagtacatctccaa
>DMU51047 1906 Real 4. site
ttgaatatgctcgatgtaagtaaaaattctaaccaatgtggttttgtttgcttttttcgagtttattgcgaaactatatattatatattttctctcttagttttattcctacaaaatattttggcacggctttaatcgcacctttaacgccagacttacctatgcaaaagcacccacatattactatcgcttcgactttg
>DMHAIRG 6762 Real 1. site
tgcagcttcctctatttttgggtcgttgcatgaggtcaaattagccgtgcaaaagccgtgactaatcgatgtttttttttccatttcttgcctcttgcagtcgaacaagcccatcatggagaaacgccgacgtgcccgtattaacaactgtctcaatgaactcaagactctgattctggatgccaccaaaaaagacgtaa
>DMHAIRG 6994 Real 2. site
aaaaaataaaaaaaactacatatttgaaattatctcaaatattttttaaaagtttaaatcattgactaatttccaaattattttctctctctacttttagccggctcgccactccaaattggaaaaggccgacattctggagaagacagtaaagcatctgcaggagctgcagcgccagcaggcagccatgcagcaggccg
>DMSADENO 962 Real 1. site
ccaatcctcattatctcaaaataaattttggtcgaggcattgtgtacatgtttattcaaatagccttgaacttttaatgaatgtaaatgatatttttcagatctgattgggaaaacgtgcttagcaatgtcaactgtcaaataataagcacatccaaaaacgacattattgatgcttttgtgttaaggtatgcgaatata
>DMSADENO 1121 Real 2. site
acgacattattgatgcttttgtgttaaggtatgcgaatatataaaactaaacttaataaaatattattaattattttaaatttgtattcggtgcgagcagtgagagcagtatgtttgtttcaaagcgacgatggatccttaaaacttgtggaacgactactccattgaaatgcctgggtcagttgcttaagctggctgag
>DMSADENO 1343 Real 3. site
cagacttgttctactcgcgaaaaaatttcactagaccggaggcgcaggtgggcaaaaaaattaattgcatttcaaataattttatatcatatatattcagataactccccatcaaggctttacggaggaagttacgtatctggactcaatttttcccaacggaagatcctattgtctgggctccatgaacctggagtgtt
>DMSADENO 1677 Real 4. site
atcttctataaaaacaagtttaatgatgctaatggcgctactgtggtatgaggatatattttaaatgattaaaaccaatacatatagattgtgatttcagaaatctggtatcgataccatattgccgactatgcacattgatgactttttgttcgatccttgcggctactccatgaatggaatcaacgataaggtaacat
>DMSADENO 1818 Real 5. site
tgactttttgttcgatccttgcggctactccatgaatggaatcaacgataaggtaacatagaaaaattttacaagaactattgacataaattctttatagggggagtacatgacaattcatattactccggagaatcaattttcgtatgtgagcttcgaaacaaatgtggctttaagtaactatcgtaaacttatcaatc
>DMTHR 1685 Real 1. site
tatattaattggaaaccggcggcggagcagagagcaaatgtggtgggtatttttatctaattttgtggaattttaatgctacatttcaatactattgcagagccctcacaagcccttgctgggagtagtcaaatactcaatggatgtggctaagaccatgaagtgcttgggtcccaccagtgtggagatcattaagctag
>DROXPACDR 1537 Real 1. site
aagttggtttcgcatccattcaaggagctggccaggtgggctatccattaaccaatactcccgagcgattatacctaaccggtagtccaatctccgacagcaacaaggagggtggcacccatccggaggcggcgctcagccagggaagctctgtgatcaaggtgcagggcaccaagtacatagactccggcgggggcttc
>DMU19731 5724 Real 1. site
gttatgattagtatattatgattagcaataactttatagtctagataaaactacttctactacccgtactcatctattccctatatatctctactttcagcccctgaacgaggacaaattcctctgctttagctgcaacaactggctgatcaactggcactccctgcaggcggtcaacagcaatgaggccgaaagccaga
>DROECDINME 141 Real 1. site
gccataccaagtagtttgcatcgtaggtaagtctcgcatatcgaagctgaccagttctggaagtcccataattaactggtatgcgcccatttccttttagcagtagcagctctgctgcttttggaggcgattcccgcggatgcaaagcggcgcaagcacaagggctccgatcatcactatgaaaagtctgatccccacaa
>DMKNIRPS 2871 Real 1. site
cattggccttaagttcttgaatgaatttctgctcttcttttgctaatcagttgcataccacataactaagccacattcgtccttcccttcgccattgcagtccttctttggccgctcttacaacaacatcagcaccatcagcgagtgcaagaacgagggcaagtgcatcatcgacaagaagaaccgcaccacctgcaagg
>DMSPXGENE 295 Real 1. site
aggtccaattgctgaacgcaaccaaggtgggtttgacctccactccacatttgcaccacttgggagacgctttaacccgccttttccgttccttccacagatgccaccatctatgccggcggtcttgacgacaaggtgtcggaaacgctgctttgggagctgtttgtccaggcaggaccagtgggtaagtccggacacac
>DROTUBA4 829 Real 1. site
tgtttataaagtaaattacaaaggggaggacctaacctaaccttaaacaatggcgccttctccttgcccagctcatcacttttattgtttcacccgccagcgcgaagtagtgtccatccagattggccagtgcggcatccagatcggcaatgcctgctgggagctgtacctgctggagcacggcatcaacctggacggca
>DMSUHW 2614 Real 1. site
cttctgctgcagcgaaagttacgacaccttccatgtaagtcataaagattgaaaccaagaggaattagcataacttacgcataccacattttcctttcagttgggtcacattaactgtcccgactgccccaagtcgtttaagacacagaccagttacgaacgccacattttcatcactcactccgagttcagcgattttc
>DMSUHW 3099 Real 2. site
gccacacgtgcaagaattgtttctacagcctgtccacgctcaagtacgttctctaaaagattttaaacgatataaagtaatgttcggtatattttcgcagcattcacatacgcactcatacgggggagaaaccatttgactgcgatctttgcgacaagaagttttctgcattggtggcccttaaaaagcatcgacgctat
>DMSUHW 3301 Real 3. site
cactggcgagaaaccatacagttgcactgtggttagtcttaaaacttccgtaacttttcatttaacctattgtaacaatgcggtattctattacctttagtgcaaccaagcatttgccgtaaaggaagtgctcaatcgtcacatgaaacggcacactggagagcgtccgcacaagtgtgatgaatgtggcaagagtttta
>DMSUHW 3560 Real 4. site
caatgcgacgaaaaattcaaaacagagaaacagtaagatattaaaaaaccttttatcttttctgttagccctacttacttattgcaattttgtttcgcagacttgagcgccatgtgaagacccattctcgcacaaaacgccccgtcttttcctgcgccgagtgcaagcgtaatttccgcactccagcattgctcaaggag
>DMSUHW 3746 Real 5. site
cattgctcaaggagcatatggacgagggaaaacacagccgtaagttggaatcgacaattggcaataatcaaggctttaatcccgctcctaccctttgtagcgaaacaacaacggtcatcaatgcgatcggccgtcaaaattatggaacgcacggattgcgccatttgcgataagaactttgacagcagcgataccctgcg
>DMRLB1A 426 Real 1. site
ctgtaacgaaaacagcatggacagattgaaattcaataatttggtaaataaacgattttatttaaaattatagagttttaattaaaaagaacttttacaggtgatatccaacaagaaggtcattcaaaaggcacgcgcccagaccatcgccaaaatcgtacaaaagctgcgaaagacaaaagaggctctggccaaaaatc
>DROEST6A 1463 Real 1. site
gaaaaaggaatcgcacaggtcctggccaatcgaaccgattatgattttggtaaggaaatcgtacttttaaatggacttagttaaatcattacttttataggaactgtacacggtgacgactactttttgatattcgaaaatttcgtacgagatgtggaaatgcgtccggatgagcagataatttcgagaaattttatcaa
>DMU21218 3462 Real 1. site
atgaaatcatacttgcacaagatttcaatcatattatgcccacaaatcgagctacaacttacatatatgtatgtatactaattaatctttattattctaggtgagtgctgagcgttcagtgtcctttgacaacggaatcgacggttcggtggccgaggattgcttcttcgcgatgcgggcctttagccagggctacacgt
>DROESCOMBS 560 Real 1. site
gcccgaggagtcggaggaatcatgcggcgtgagtagcgaatgacaaatggctgtgcgaaccgagaattaatggatcttttgggccatgtgccggctgcaggatgagtcggccagctataccaccaacagcaccacctcgcgcagcaagtccccgtcatccagcacgcgcagcaagcgccgcggtcgccggagcaccaaat
>DROESCOMBS 756 Real 2. site
aaatcgaagccaaaaagtcgcgccgcctacaaatatgagtaagaatatgcactttctcagctggccactgatactgaacctacaaatgattaccacgaagcacccacgtgaaggagaatcatggagccaacatcttcggcgtggccttcaacacgctgctgggcaaggatgagccacaggtcttcgctacggcgggcagc
>DROESCOMBS 1292 Real 3. site
gcttatatgattagtttagccgagagtaactgaaaatatggtcgcgaaagtaattgtacaaactcgaaatacatcaacaaatcttgaattcccttcccagcccgatgaagtattttacacctgcgcctggtcgtacgacctaaagacctcttcacctctcctggccgctgctggataccgcggagtcatccgggttattg
>U00145 5079 Real 1. site
attgtacgacacttgaaccaatataatagagcacaatgctgcatagcattttgaaattaaaatacatttgattaaacttgactttcatttgcttttgcaggtttctcctggtgccattaccaccggcaatggagcacccattggtatcaaggatgcctcccagacggttggtccgcgaggacctatcctgctgcaggatg
>U00145 6096 Real 2. site
tgaggttcgtttttttttttgtttcaaatagattcttcttcatttgagattaatgcaatcaaaagaaagataactaatatggtaattttctgaccctcaggtggagcagatcgccttcagtcccgctcacctggtgcccggcgtcgagccctctccggacaagatgctgcatggtcgtctgttctcctactcggacaccc
>DROMYLA 1439 Real 1. site
caagtgacagctaaagacggactataacgactaatgaccgagtagataccccctttctgccacgagtccctactaataaatccctcttttctctcctcaggccgatgagaagaagaaggttaagaagaagaagaccaaggaagagggtggtacttccgaaaccgcttctgaggccgcatccgaggcagcaaccccggcac
>DROMYLA 1841 Real 2. site
catcatcctgtcatcctaccatctatcgcacttgtcaaggaccaagtcaccaacacactctttctttctatctctctctgtctctgtgcgggatcgataggccttccaactcatggatgccgacaaggacggtattattggcaagaacgatctgcgcgctgccttcgactccgtcggcaagatcgccaacgacaaggagt
>AF018964 178 Real 1. site
tcggaagctgggtggctgaagaaaattggcaagaaaatcgtaagtctttccatttgaattttgttgagccggaaactaactgactaacttcttttcgaaggaacgcgttggtcagcacactcgggatgccacaatccagggactgggaatcgctcaacaagccgccaatgtcgccgcaactgcccgaggttgaccacgat
>DMTOSCAP2 1946 Real 1. site
gcattaaaaaagattccaagttacctcaatatgcgcaatcttgaggtaagttaacttgcggttaggtctgaattgtaagactaataatcctttaatccaggtagatgacgactatattgaaaacttcatgaaagcggaggccaccttcaggcacatgtttatctacaacccgctagagcgtcgcatgcagcggttgtgtg
>DMACP54 923 Real 1. site
gcctacaaagtttccaattccaagccccaatcctcgtaagttgtgtcctctccagttccgacatttaaccatttaaccagcgtaaccatttctttcgtaggtgataagtggtgccgacttaatttggggcccgcctggggtggaagatgttaagatatgaatatttgagcttaatataaaataaacccacccaccaaaat
>DMWHITE 10853 Real 1. site
ttgaaaccttttctagatgcacaaaaaataaataaaagtataaacctacttcgtaggatacttcgttttgttcggggttagatgagcataacgcttgtagttgatatttgagatcccctatcattgcagggtgacagcggacgcttcgcagagctgcattaaccagggcttcgggcaggccaaaaactacggcacgctcc
>DMWHITE 11228 Real 2. site
gcccaggaaacatttgctcaagaacggtgagtttctattcgcagtcggctgatctgtgtgaaatcttaataaagggtccaattaccaatttgaaactcagtttgcggcgtggcctatccgggcgaacttttggccgtgatgggcagttccggtgccggaaagacgaccctgctgaatgcccttgcctttcgatcgccgca
>DMWHITE 11944 Real 3. site
cttgggcactcccagcgaagccgtcgacttcttttcctagtgagttcgatgtgtttattaagggtatctagcattacattacatctcaactcctatccagcgtgggtgcccagtgtcctaccaactacaatccggcggacttttacgtacaggtgttggccgttgtgcccggacgggagatcgagtcccgtgatcggatc
>DMWHITE 12480 Real 4. site
tagtttatagttttgcagaaaataaataaatttcatttaactcgcgaacatgttgaagatatgaatattaatgagatgcgagtaacattttaatttgcagatggttgccatcttgattggcctcatctttttgggccaacaactcacgcaagtgggcgtgatgaatatcaacggagccatcttcctcttcctgaccaaca
>DMWHITE 12682 Real 5. site
acctttcaaaacgtctttgccacgataaatgtaagtcttgtttagaatacatttgcatattaataatttactaactttctaatgaatcgattcgatttaggtgttcacctcagagctgccagtttttatgagggaggcccgaagtcgactttatcgctgtgacacatactttctgggcaaaacgattgccgaattaccgc
>AF032921 493 Real 1. site
acagatgagtggcccgaagaggatcacgacctagccgaggatgatctggtaggcatgaatatacatacgtttgcaaagtcctgacctttcatcctttcagaatgctgccatgaacgaggttgagggagatccaaagccatctaacagtagcaatttagtatgagaccgtagtacatactgtagaaaaagttaaacatagc
>AF032921 603 Real 2. site
tgaacgaggttgagggagatccaaagccatctaacagtagcaatttagtatgagaccgtagtacatactgtagaaaaagttaaacatagcttcttttcagccagacattctcaatcgcaagcggaagggcacgaccagcggcgataagcggaacaagatcccacgtcatgcctctcaggtctcagaagccacaggactca
>AF032921 893 Real 3. site
gcgcctgtgccggctatggcgtttatttcggcaagaatcaccagctgtaagtggtaactgcagcacaataactttgttataagctatatgttctttgcagaaacgcagccaagcccgtggaaggacgcgttacaaataatgtaggtgaaatacaagcggccattcatgccattaaaacagctcttgacttgggaatacag
>AF032921 1224 Real 4. site
ggataaactgcttcaggacaacaacattaccgtgaaatgggtgcgtaactaaatttaaataaggtcctggaaaatacttgacttcagttaatatccccagaactatgtggaggcccacaagggcatagagggcaatgaaatggcagacaaattggcgcggcaaggatccgccttgtataagcagaaaaatggttgaaaag
>AB003910 3739 Real 1. site
ccaactccgtgctgtccggcggtaccaccatgtaccctggtaagacaaatcattcgcttcagcagttgcacttgtgcttaatcctttggtgcactttcaggtattgccgatcgtatgcagaaggagatcactgccctggccccatcgaccatcaagatcaagatcattgcgccacccgagaggaagtactccgtctggat
>AF069297 1633 Real 1. site
gattttggccagaaatggaggtttttcgctcacaaattatgttttatatatatcgtatgaatcaataacactcacatacttgttgctcgctgccctttaggtacgactaaacgaacaggaacgcgccgagaagctgcagcccctcctggacgccggctggactttggtggaggggcgcgacgccatcttcaagcagttcg
>DMJ000880 2881 Real 1. site
agggcaactttgctcctcagtctgggtaaggatcacatgttattacatatatgttcactgcagaataattaatattgcatatttaattaaaaatcgtcagaaacaagaacggcaagttcaaggttgcctacggccatgagaacgtcaaggccgattcggatgtgaacattgatctgaagggccccttgatcaatgcctct
>DMJ000880 3181 Real 2. site
ccaaggactttgttctgcacacagctgtgtaagtattgcaattgccacgcatggcaaatgaaatcaatgcaaactaatgattgccttgtccggtgtttagcaacgatggccaggagttcagcggctcgatcttccaacgcacttcggacaagctggatgtgggtgtacagctgtcgtgggccagcggcaccagcaacacc
>DMAURG 315 Real 1. site
ctcaatatgcaaaagaacttgctattgggaaagaaggtaagttaagtggtaaatctctggagtgcagctgaaactcttatttggtaccattgtgatacagcccaacagcgagaatatggctccagatagcaaacccttgccaggatcctctggcgctttgatcaggagtgcggcgaccaccgttcgtccggctactaagc
>DMAURG 708 Real 2. site
ggccagcagctccgctgaaaaagagaaaaccaagactggtgggttaatggttcagctgtaatcttttgcaattaccaaactcaattgtaattttctgcagaaacccagccccagaagccgaagaagacctgggagctcaacaactttgatattggtcgcctgctgggacgcggcaagtttggcaacgtttatttggcgcg
>DMAJ5042 6399 Real 1. site
tcttaataactccttttaatctcattagttttacttatataaatacaaacttatcagctctaaataaattagattatatatgtcttctcgatatttacagaatacaccatgcaagcatccagtggttatgttggctggcgtcaatgcgaacgatctggaggcgctgctggagtttgtgtaccgcggagaggtgagcgtgg
>DMAJ5042 6984 Real 2. site
ttgtaaacagttgattcagaaaatttgtccaataaactctgaacgtattgggtaagaatttagaaacaaaaaataataacatgcatttctacttgtgcagctacggcaccgaaaataagcaaagttgaaggaatggatacgattatgggcacaccgacctcttcacacggctctggatccgtgcagcaggtgcttggcga
>DMAJ5042 7479 Real 3. site
tatatttgagaataatgcattttgttagagccagtgaatacccaatataccatcccacaacgtgttccaagaactaaagaacgctattttccgtttttagaaccacgttcacgatcacaatctgaacaacctgctacttgccccatttgctatgctgtcattcgtcaatcccggaacctgcggcgccatctcgagctgcg
>DROPCNA 865 Real 1. site
caatgaggctaccttcgattgcagcgactccggcattcaggtaaaaattgcacaaaaaagattttaaatgcatatccctaacaccttgttcaacttacagctacaggccatggacaactcccatgtgtcgcttgtctcgctgaccctgcgttccgatggcttcgacaagtttcgctgcgaccgcaatctctccatgggca
>DROARRA 916 Real 1. site
cgctagcagctaaccaagttcatcgattacgcgagcaagcaaaccaagaggctgggcgcttgtaaataatattctccaattaataagcgtcctcttgcagatggaatcattgtgctggacgatgagtacgtgcgccagaaccgcaagatcttcgtgcagttggtctgcaatttccgatatgggcgcgaggacgacgagat
>DROARRA 1957 Real 2. site
tcccggtgactaacagttctttagctaaatgtgtttacaaaatggcataaaacgcatactaatactaagtgaaaaatgcatatttaaaattctatttcagtattgccagtcaggatgcgagggatgcctttggcataattgtttcatatgctgtgaaggtcaagcttttcttgggagccctgggcggcgagctctgcgct
>DROARRA 2147 Real 3. site
gctctgcgctgagctaccatttattctgatgcacccgaaggtaataaaaggtgtgcccaaatatttgaatagttattgaaaggcaatcaattatttacagccaagtcgcaaggcccaactggaagccgagggctccattgaggcctaaactgaaagggctacctcaaccaacgaaaaaaatggcgtatttctacaagtca
>AF069531 441 Real 1. site
gatcaattgcccaagcatatcagagaaatcgccgagcagggtaagagttttggggttccaacaactttattcaagagccaactaaattcctgtactccagttaatgttctcgcaccggaggaggtgctgacaactcccaaggtgcgattcctggacacccgccagcaatcgctgcacacaatcgtgcgaaaatgcactcc
>AF069531 664 Real 2. site
atgcggcagccaagtggctggcagagatgccccagtcaggtgattctcagactaatgtataagtagcctcttgtgtttagtttgccactatttattacagcggattccctcttcaagccgcttgtcaatgttagatggtcgcgggtgtcgtttggatgttccgctttagatcgctgcacgggcgggggagtggtcactcg
>AF069531 1061 Real 3. site
agctgaattttctgggaaacatctttgtggaaaatcacattgaggcagtgagtcgacaaaccaatttgtagccatatgcttatttaatattaatccaaaggaacctctcctggcgtgcgttataaaccgcattccgcgactgatgcaacaacatggcattggcctgatcattattgattctgtggccgccatattccggc
>DMLAMINC 2900 Real 1. site
agggattactcaggcaaataggctgattaattattaatttaaaaagttctttgttataaaagattattaatttttaaaccaaatccattttaaatttaagactcgacaaaaagacgaaggaggctaccgtggcagagaacaatgcccgcctgtatgagaaccgctacaacgaggtgaatggcaagtacaaccaagcgttg
>DMLAMINC 3565 Real 2. site
aatctggaggacaccaatgctggcttgaatgtgagtactgcaattgccaaactaaattccccgtgtgattttaatattgatattttctcatttgctataggctcgcatacgggagctggagaacctcttggacacagagcgccagcgccacaaccagtacatcgcctccttggaagccgaactacagcgtatgcgcgacg
>DMLAMINC 4436 Real 3. site
cgccactgcagacacctcgaattcgtgctcgaccagtacgatatgccatagacctctgcacatttcgactataatttacgttatatcttttgcctttcaggatgttgccagctacgaccgtgtccgtgctaacgtttccagccacacctcgcggcatcgcagcagtggcacgcccagcacgggctttaccctcggttccg
>AF037336 509 Real 1. site
tcatggctataatccttagcataggaaggggttctaatccgggattagaactattccctcgggaataaatacttacttacttatactttttctttcgtaggcctgggcctcaagctgtcccagtgacgccacccttttgaccctctccagcgctgagaaggatgcactggtggccaggacgaacgagtatcgcaaccaca
>AF020309 1639 Real 1. site
ttaccaattaagttaggcagggcttgggggaacctaaggacggctgcaagtcatcagctgatataaacctgcttgctaacctttccgtaactctccgaaggtcatatcgacgccgtcggacatcttcatgatcatggagtacgtgagcggcggggagctgtttgattatattgtgaagcacggcaagctgcaggagcacc
>DMU21552 570 Real 1. site
ctagttctgccctccgggagatctgcctgctgaagggtcagtcggatgagcaggaagtgattccagtttataaactaaatcggcacattaccatccgcagagctgaagcacaagaacattgtgcgcctcatagacgtcctgcactcggacaagaaactcaccctggtcttcgagcactgcgaccaggacctcaagaagta
>DMU21552 917 Real 2. site
atcaagtgttatttggagtaactgcatctgtggcacatttccgaatgatatccattttatagcactgagacttaacttacgctacattatcctattttagccataatgtcctgcatcgcgatctgaaaccacagaacctgctgatcaacaaaaacggcgagctaaagctggctgactttggtctggctagagcctttggc
>DMU21552 1344 Real 3. site
aggagtttcgcacctctccgactacgtggcgcttccatgtagggattctagacggattttatttatcgataccaatattaaaagcctatttatattatagcttttccggccatcacctcgtggagtcagctggtacctaggctaaactccaagggacgcgacctgctgcaaaagctgctcatctgccggccaaatcagcg
>DRODCDRK 275 Real 1. site
cgagaaactgaaccgcgttggcgagggcagctatggaattgtctgtaagtttggttccatatgcatttaacgcattcggttaacctgaaatcccctgcagatcgcgcacgtgacacccgtagcaatgagattgtggccttaaagaaggtccgcatggatcaggaaaaggatggtctgccaattagtggactccgcgagat
>DRODCDRK 706 Real 2. site
aaaggtatccaatctgctgatgaccgacaagggctgcattaaagttggtaagaacataaaccatatataatcccgatatcggctaatttctattccccagctgattttggactggcccgcatgtttagcaatcccccgaaaccaatgactccgcagatggttactttgtggtacagagcaccggaacttcttttgggatg
>DRODCDRK 1218 Real 3. site
cctgaaaagcaagtactttgtcgatccgccgcagggtgagttggaatttctattgcgacaaagaaaattttcaagtgactaaaccattttccacttttagcttgtgacccgggcatgatgcccactttccctcagcacaggaacaatgctgcacctgctccagctgtccagcctcccgccgacattcccatctcggattt
>AF035549 1711 Real 1. site
taccattgccaaggagccagaggccgccatgtaagtcaaaatggtcaaatcctggccagaaacgaattgtgaattgaactacattcggcaatccttttagagtcccgccacgcaacctggactcgcgggccaccatccaaattggcgaccggacctttgacatcgatgcagatagtctcgagaagatctgcgatctgggc
>AF035549 2188 Real 2. site
gcgtgctgggcaaggtcagctggggaggattgggggcgggtctaatcttatcgggcaatcgccactatactattaccgtactactgcctttgctttacagattgccatgagcgtggtcagtgcgctgcactatctgcacgctcaactgaaagtcattcatcgggacgtcaagccctcgaacatactgatcaatcgggccg
>AF035549 2383 Real 3. site
ggccggccaggtcaagatctgtgactttggcatctcaggtgggctggcattctgtgacttcttgccactgtaatcattctaatattggactgacttttaggctacctcgtcgactccattgccaaaaccattgatgccggttgcaagccgtacatggcgccggaacggatcgatccccaaggaaatccggcgcaatacga
>AF035549 3271 Real 4. site
agaatgaggcttttatcagagggattttgtaaccgatctaaaccacaagttttcgcatcgtgcgtaattaagaacctattttttttttattatcttttaggtggttgaggacagtccgccgcgcctgccggagggaacattttcgccggaattcgaggacttcatcgccgtctgcctgcagaaggagtatatggcaaggc
>DMDRCIV2 486 Real 1. site
tgattgatgtgggagaggtcgatgtaagtatatttatttttcttgctatgacctttgaattgggtttgcatcattatgaatatgttcacatctccgccaggttttcgtcaactccgaactagtgaccaccatcagcgagggcggcagctttggtgaactggccctcatctatggcactcctcgcgccgccaccgtgcgcg
>DMDRCIV2 933 Real 2. site
tgcggtggtgctgcagcagcgttctgaggtgagtgaccgcgatcagacaccatgggacacctaaaaagagacactctaatcaactcgtttatctaatcagcagggcgaggatcccgccgaggtgggccgtctgggtagcagcgattactttggcgagattgctctgcttttggaccgaccacgtgcagcgactgttgtag
>DMDRCIV2 1205 Real 3. site
aggcaggtgtatgttaatgaccttaagcaattataaaatcaattgtctccagtaacttctccagtagctaacctgtaaattttttttggctttgttgcagatttgaacgcgtgttgggaccctgcgccgacatactcaaacgcaacatcacgcaatacaacagtttcgtatcgttgtccgtttaagaccgcaacaacgac
>DMKR 678 Real 1. site
tctcacacatgaatcatatgtaaaatttttttctcttttaagccgttgctcttaagacatttccaaatgaaaacatactaacttatgattttttttttagccttagctgctgcattagctggcataaaacaagaggacgttcatctagaccgttccatgtcgctatcgccccccatgtcggccaacacatcagctacaag
>DMU49249 2088 Real 1. site
gtatgaagtcatatttgtaacgctccattgtatattagattagattagatgggattagctggaatatgaaaaaaaaaataacaaatttaatgcatttcagcgccgcttacgatactatcacccagcaaaatgtggcgattaagaaactatctcgaccattccaaaatgtaacccatgccaagcgagcatatagggaattc
>DMU49249 2280 Real 2. site
gggaattcaagctaatgaagcttgttaaccataaaaacgtatgaaacttgcacctttaactttaacaaatttctactaaacataggtatttaatccgtagataattggcttacttaatgcttttacgccgcaaaggaacttggaagagtttcaggatgtctacctggtcatggagctgatggacgctaatctctgccagg
>DMU49249 2541 Real 3. site
aataaaacatttacactcagcaggaattattcacagagtacgtacagtatgaatacatctttaaaatgagtatgaaatatatgaaatacttcatttgcaggacttaaagccatccaatatagttgtaaaggccgactgcactctaaaaattttggatttcggtctggcacgtactgcaggaactacctttatgatgactc
>DMU49249 2867 Real 4. site
ctggaacggatcatatagatcagtggaataaaattattggtatgttgctgcttaaataacttgattctcgttatgattgtcaacttttacgttttttcagagcaattaggtacaccatcaccctcgtttatgcaacggttacagccaaccgtccgaaactatgtggaaaatcgtcctagatacactggatactcatttga
>DMU49249 3229 Real 5. site
tgatgctgaggaagtggatgctgtaagtgattctggcattaactggatttctaggaatgttgaatgtttttaatcgcttaattgcatgcatctcttgcagcccgctccggagccatatgatcacagcgtggacgaaagggaacacactgtggagcagtggaaggagctaatctatgaggaagtcatggactacgaagcac
>DROSSL 452 Real 1. site
gtactttttcattatattttattcgagtgagcatgtcgtgtccgtaagtaactaggtttttcctataaaaatcatagcaaattacaccaaaatcttttagcaggagcatcgagataccagatggcagttggatcgattggttcctgggaatcaagggccacgaattctcctgccgggtgcccaatgaatacatccaggac
>DROSSL 1034 Real 2. site
gcctgataccctctccgcccgtggagaagtacatcccccggtgagtaattcttcgaatataatccttgttcttttctacacaaagcacttgcacttccagtatctatggcttccagttgcacaagaaggccctgatgccgcccgaatcagcagagtccccgccaataaaggtcgaatcctcggtcagcaagtccccctcc
>AF062478 1448 Real 1. site
cagcgtgttgatttctaaaaataaagaatcaattcgcgctgtttataaatatgaagagaaatgaaaacaaacagaattaagtatagttttcattttgcagcccaacgaagtaccccaaaacatggccgcaggagctgatacccaactggagcacatgtgccgtctgcagttcgactcgccagtgccccatgtgcgtctgt
>AF062478 2896 Real 2. site
aggcccatctctaccgtggactggtgccactcatctacaagggtaggtttttgtttctccaggtcgttctttaaattataactctggcttgtacttgcagagcccggtcttggtgactggctgaaggacgtggacgtgcgcgtgcagttcggtctgcaggtcggaaagaagaacggcttcatcaagaccggcgattccgt
>AF062478 3139 Real 3. site
accatccgcattgtgtaagtttaaattctagcatgtagatatatatgtatctgtgcaaaaattatatcaacaaaactaacgcaattatctatcatttcagcaccgtcgaataattctgcacgctcaggaagtacctggatgcgtcgcagctgccgcgggcgtcgcgttgattactgttaataaccaagttaatttattaa
>DROPCXGEN 12823 Real 1. site
gcgggtgttgctccaccagcgccggttacgcccgcccacaatgactccaagagcactcccaatctctcggcgcacggtggacaggctggtccgtcttcaggtcaatccagtcacagtcacagcagcagctgcgccgtccacaaaagagtgttgcccaggaaaccagcgtaggcgaggaggtgtagttgtcggagggacta
>DMTSLG 3266 Real 1. site
cgatcattatatacgattattcaagtatgtcacttgatatttattacctgataattgagctgactagacaattagataattaatgatttttttctttcagaatctgagtggcctggcggagagtcatgaagacaccacgcccggaatctttcatggagactttcacatggagttctgcgagaatcggaggcaactgttcc
>AF068271 1184 Real 1. site
ggcaaggatacagtgcacaaaatatgctcgggacaagtgagatacaaaattattttttttttcgttcaagttccttagacctggactcaattcattttaggtggttctcagcttggctgtggctgtcaaggagctagtggagaactcaatagatgcgggcgcaacgctggtggagatcaagctaaaggatcagggactgc
>AF068271 1401 Real 2. site
gataatggcagtggcgtggaggaaatgaatctggaaggcatgagtaagtgcagccaaatctacaatgatgcggaacaatagttaatcccactgcacacagctgcaaaataccacacctcaaaaatccgggagttcgtggacctcctgggcgtggaaacctttggattccgtggagaggctctgagttcactgtgtgcctt
>AF068271 1612 Real 3. site
ttatccaaacccggcacaagtctaccgatgtgggtgagttatggacggaaccctacgtttaacgctacatttattccattaaaaacgtccacctttctagggggttaaggtggaactggaccatgagggcaggatcaagaagcgatctccttgtgcccgtggagttggcaccaccgtccttctggcaaatcttttttcca
>AF068271 2228 Real 4. site
agagatcgccagttcttttttgtcaactcgaggccctgtgaccctaaaaatgtgagacaaacccctttaaaatgcttaaataaagtaatattatattcagatagccaaggtgatgaacgaggtttaccatcgctataacgtccaacagcaaccctttatttatctcaacatcatcacggcccgttctgatgtggatgtga
>AF068271 2916 Real 5. site
ttcctgaacctgaaagagctggctaaggagtccgagggtgaggaagcttaactatcatatcattcgttaataaattttaatttattcaaattggttacagcttatgatcttttaacgaaaccacagaatgcacctcgcattgattgcaaggttctgaccccaattaaaagtcgtcgcagtattttcgagtttaagactga
>AF068271 3684 Real 6. site
gatgtgttcgagaagaatggcttcaagtttgaagtagaccacgaaggtgggatttcaactgaccttctgttattttacttataaacgattgccatttcagctcctgccacgaagaaggtgcgtctgttgggcaagccgcacagcaagcgatgggaattcggcaaggaggacattgatgagctcatttttatgctgcaaga
>AF068271 3993 Real 7. site
atgagaagactgatcacacaaatgggagaaattgaacagccatgggttatgttaaatgttacaatttggaattaagaattgcaaattctcagttttatagaactgtccacatggacgtcctacgatgcgacacctcataaacatcgcaatgctaattaatagtgacgaaaacgatgagcaagagcctccggcctaataga
>DMRP49 572 Real 1. site
acttcatccgccaccagtcggatcgatatgctaagctgtcggtgagtgccacggattgtgccaaattgtacccgtgtttaatcaacatgtctccttgcagcacaaatggcgcaagcccaagggtatcgacaacagagtcggtcgccgcttcaagggacagtatctgatgcccaacatcggttacggatcgaacaagcgca
>U00790 405 Real 1. site
tctcgccctacgagtccaatggcgggtgagttgctatttcccagcggaatcgagatgtggaagaatgtctccatctaaccggagtcttccctgtttacagctccattgtggccatcgccggagatgactttgccgtaattgcagcggacacccgcctgagcagcggctacaacattcactcgcgaacgcagagtaaactc
>DROARF 173 Real 1. site
aagatgcgacagaaggaaagggaaatgcgcatattactgctgtgagttccatggaattataaaaaaataaatagtgattcatgtatcgactttattatagaggtctggataatgccggcaagacgacaatcctgaagcgctttaatggcgaacccatagacaccatctcacccacactgggattcaatattaaaaccttg
>DROARF 586 Real 2. site
caggatctaccgggagccctctcatccaacgaaattaaagaggttcactctcattgattttttattgaaacaacacatttaatatactttatatttaaagatactacacctagaggatatcaccacacatcattggctggtggccggagttagtgcagtgactggcgagaaactgcttagctccatggactggttgatcg
>DROPGLY 1206 Real 1. site
aaacgcatgcctttcaattagattaaattggctttaagttcgttacccaacacggcgtatacttaatgttcgctaaacatttgcccaaacaggtcaggaggaggctctagccgcgcgcaaggccgtcaaggatgccggcctggagttcgatgtggcccacacctcggtgctaacccgcgcccaggtgacgctggccagca
>DROPGLY 1753 Real 2. site
gcccacggcaacagcctccgtggcatcgtcaagcatttagacagtgagcatggcagatatatctaacatatcatctttttaccatatccttgtcaatcagacctttctgaggacgccatcatggccctaaatctgcccacgggcattccgttcgtctacgagctggacgagaacttcaagccggtggtgtccatgcagtt
>DROLAMAA 736 Real 1. site
cccacatgtgttgaacattcgaattgggctctaaaaatactctggactgaatttggattccattttctttttctaacatgtgttttctgcgtttttgtaggtctgcgattactgcgatcccacggtgccggagaggaatcatccgccagagaacgcgatcgatggcaccgaggcctggtggcagagtcctccgttgtcca
>DROLAMAA 2266 Real 2. site
tatctttaacatatttggggttactcaataacatttttaatttaacaatgtgtgtaatatgtaatatattttctgatctctacactgttcgctttttcaggaattccatgtggcctatttgttcattcgcatgggcaactcccctcgtccgggtctctggacgctggagaagtccacggattatggcaagacctggacgc
>DROLAMAA 2974 Real 3. site
accattcaactgcgaacgtaagtattgtgtagtcttttgaacggacatctctcttgagcggacagagacccggatctttatttccgaattttattactagcctgcaactgtcatggtcacagcaacgagtgcaagtacgatgaggaagtgaaccgcaagggactgtccctggacattcacggacactacgatggtggtgg
>DROLAMAA 3243 Real 4. site
acccaagggcaagcactggaacgagaccgatgtctgcagccgtaagagccagttataatttaaaggaatccgtaataccatcgttctcccatccatttagcctgccaatgcgactacttcttctccaccggacactgcgaggaggagaccggaaactgtgagtgccgtgctgccttccaaccgccaagttgcgactcctg
>DROLAMAA 3723 Real 5. site
aagcacggatacttcaactaccctacttgctcatgtaagaaattaataatattttaaagttgaaaaaccaactgatgctgattatgattctccttggcagactgcgactgcgacaaccagggcacggagtcggaaatctgcaacaagcagtctggccagtgcatctgtcgtgaaggttttggaggcccaagatgcgatca
>DROLAMAA 4062 Real 6. site
actgccggatactacagctatccggattgtctacgtatgtaccctcagccatcagatttcatttcaattttaataacctctaatttatcttgatttgcagcttgtcactgtgactctcacggatctcagggagtgtcctgtaattcagacggacagtgcttgtgtcagcccaactttgacggacgtcagtgcgattcctg
>DROLAMAA 4970 Real 7. site
caccatttcggttacttcagacaatcctctggaggttgatcagcagtaagtatttgtagaactttgctagagaaagatcttaagtattccggttttacagcgttaaggttctactgcaacccacatcggaacctcagttcgtaactgttgcgggtcccttgggagtgaaaccctcagccattgttttggatccgggtcgt
>DROLAMAA 5684 Real 8. site
atattaacaaagaggatttgcagccagtcatcatctccgtgagttcgaaatattaatcaagctattaacagcaaaataatcactttcctattttgttcaggctgacatcgaagatggttctcgtttcccgattatctcggtgacagcaattcccgtcgaccaatggtccattgactacatcaacccaagtcccgtctgtg
>DROLAMAA 6033 Real 9. site
gacagtcaaaatgaagcaaccatcgtgattgagtgagtttgtcacttctttatattatattatatattatttatttatttatattattttatatatacagatcaaaggttgatgctacaaaaccgaatctatttgtgatcctggtgaagtactaccaaccgagccaccccaaataccaggtgtactacacgctgacagcg
>DROLAMAA 6319 Real 10. site
gggttcgttcgagattgacgacgagttcaagttcacgattacggtaagactattataaaatacaatcttaagctactttaaaaccgcaaattggttttagaccgatcgatcccagagcgtttggctggactacctggtggtggttcccttgaagcagtacaatgatgacctactggtggaagagaccttcgaccagacca
>DROLAMAA 6851 Real 11. site
tgcgagaagtgcgcccccaacacctatggattccatcaggtaagatttttgactagccttcaacagcaggtgctaaaaatcgcatttcattgtccaccaggtcattggctgcgaggagtgtgcatgcaatcctatgggcattgccaatggaaactcccagtgcgatctgttcaatggaacctgcgagtgtcggcaaaata
>DROLAMAA 8819 Real 12. site
gtgccaatgtctgccaggagtaattggagataggtaactaacacttgtgatctttggtttctaaatgttgagtgtactaaaactactttcgtcattccagatgcgacgcttgtccgaatcgatgggttctgatcaaggatgaaggctgtcaggagtgcaacaactgccaccacgcccttttggatgtcactgatcgaatg
>DROLAMAA 12079 Real 13. site
cgtcttacggtcgatgatgtagataacaagaggtaactttaaagaagacttcgatctcttttgtggttcctatgctaatctacattttacattctcatagacttggttctccacaaccattaatcctggagggtggtgacatcttctttgctggcttgccggacaactatcgaacaccgaggaacgcgttggcctctttg
>DROLAMAA 12358 Real 14. site
atggcaacatcaacggttgcccaccacatgtactaggtgagttgacaggatacaacatccgattgaaagccgatttataaaaatctctatttgcttacagcctacgaaccaagtttggtgcccagttactacccaagtggagacaacgaggtggagtctccgtggtcaaacgccgatactctgcccccacttaagccaga
>DMU49439 5655 Real 1. site
acaattcaacacatttctagtcaggaacttcgaaaaggttggtttacttattttaatatacgaaatatatattaaaaaatatttatttatctttcattagatacgcagatgcaaggccaagcgggcgtcagatgcagcggcgactgcatcctcgccagcacttggcaccactaatggggacattcctggtagacgtccct
>DMU49439 7185 Real 2. site
aaaatttcccgagaagattaagatctccaagagctatgcgcgtaagtttaatattttaaataataataacgccagttaactaatgagcattaatgtgtagcccatgatgtggatccgtcgttgctgaagacaaggaagcaaaagactgaattagacgtaggagccgggccaacaacgatgcacaaggtgtctggcaggca
>DMALAS 2519 Real 1. site
ttctcgcactttcgttttattttaagtgatggctataaatatagaaagagacacttaactttcagtttactgactgcatatataattggccccatttcaggtttccccgtcgaagaaacgcccagccacatcattcccattaagatcggagaccctctgaagagcagtcaaatctcaaacgtgctgatcgaacaattcgg
>DMGTPBP 429 Real 1. site
gaaactaacctggtctcggcatccatttaccccgcgcgattccccctggattctatctaaatcaccgggttgttggaccaccttctcaacgtaatcctagatggcccgaacccaaaagaacaaggccacctcggcccatttgggtctactgaaggcgaacgtggctaagctgcgacgcgaactgatttcccccaaaggag
>DMGTPBP 602 Real 2. site
gacgcgaactgatttcccccaaaggaggcggcggcggaaccggcgaaggtaggctcttgatatataattcaggcaatcactaaacattatgtatttccagctggcttcgaggtggccaagactggagatgcccgggtgggattcgtaggatttccttctgtgggtaaatccacactgctctccaacttggctggcgttta
>DMGTPBP 1506 Real 3. site
acaagctgcatcgctccattgccaaggaatttaaatagtgagtgcgcttcactttccctctgttcccttggttataataacattatgtatttcttcgtagtgcgctggtttggggctcatctgtgaagcatcagccgcagaaggtgggcatcgaacacgttctcaacgacgaggatgtggtccagattgtgaagaaggtt
>DMU24676 4380 Real 1. site
tatcacatacatgcacacacacttggttgacagtttggcgcgcattgaacattcaaaatacattctctgatttgcatctctaccttctctctctctaaaggcttctggtgtaactgtgtctgatgtctgcaagactacatacgaggaaataaagaaggacaaaaagcatcgctatgtcatcttttacattcgcgatgaaa
>DMU24676 4643 Real 2. site
tccagaaatgcggacctggagagtgccggtaagttccgccggttagagacacccagacccatcgaaactaacctaatttaacatctattcgcttgcacaggtacggactgttcgatttcgagtacatgcaccagtgtcaaggcacctctgagagttcaaagaagcaaaagctgttccttatgtcgtggtgtcccgatact
>DMU24676 4812 Real 3. site
gctgttccttatgtcgtggtgtcccgatactgccaaggtatgtgaatagccagttgccaagtaatggcgcagaactcatttcgatatcacacacccacaggtcaagaagaagatgttgtactccagctccttcgatgctctcaagaagtcgctcgtgggcgtccaaaagtatatacaagccactgatctttccgaagcct
>DRONANOS 1666 Real 1. site
taatccgtatttgcttattacatttctgaaatgcaattgaaacgcgaataataaaaaaaatacgttcaggacaaggtaatgaaaagcttgctattcccagaaaatgcggctggctcgatgcaggatgtgatgcaggagttcgcgaccaatggctatgccagcgatgatctcggtcgcatgtcctacgggagtgctccgcc
>DRONANOS 2209 Real 2. site
aagcgttacaacagcaaggccaaagaggtgagtggatctgatccaggattcgcagaattaaaacttgcaaaatatatttgttatcttgtttctccaacagatcagccgccactgcgtcttttgtgagaataacaacgaaccagaggcggttatcaatagccactcagtgcgagataactttaaccgagtgctgtgcccca
>DMPRODOS 588 Real 1. site
aaccacagcctggagacgctcacccagatgctgcaggcgtgtaagttgacattgtgattaccattttgtactaggataatcatttagcacgccattccagtgatctgggagatcggcaattcggcgcataactactgcgagctaagtggacgcacgatgcccaccgtgggcgatgtcagtttggccctgattaacatggg
>DMPRODOS 1078 Real 2. site
cggagacgaacaacctctttcccaccgaggacaacatgtttccttgtaagaggcaccataatcatccagcgaacaataattaataaccatttcctttcagtaattgcctgcaaaccggcctttcctccctatgcagccgctttaaatcccacagatcaggtgtttgacttcgaggagctggagtaccactatctggtggc
>DMPRODOS 1264 Real 3. site
cactatctggtggccaatcgcacagaagatgagcccagcaaaggtgcgtttctttcaaatagtcagatgccacgagtgctaacactttccacccttttagacgacggcgaagagggcgatagcgaaaacgaggagatggatggcgacaaatccaaagaggagaagcccgagctggatatcaagcccaattccaacacaaa
>DMU60298 2017 Real 1. site
agaagttgtcccagaagcaacaacgtctggaaacccagtaccaaggtacgtatgttatgtaacttacgtgtgtgtgggttcatcattttcatgttttcaggctctggcgtgtggtgcaacaaagtactggatgattgctgcttcttcctcaagctgccccacaagaatggaccttcctttcgggtgggcaaccccctatc
>DMU60298 2899 Real 2. site
cgattgcgagaagagttccatgacgaactggaggacagggcgtaagtagtcacaaacccacatctttcttcacatttcattacattactatcccttacagctacagcagctacgaggcttcccgactggccattcaacgcaaccgcaccctggcagaggtatttcatcgtcccaagtggcagggaggcacggagagcgcc
>DMU39739 2862 Real 1. site
aaatgtgctaactatgtcaagatgtctaattttcggctctgataagcagagattccgcttggatatcgcccccaactaataaaacttctaccattcacagtggctctgggaaaacaacactcatgtcaacgctcgcctttcgacagccgggtaagttgtgggcactaccaagtacatacgactctagttcccgataagat
>DMU39739 3021 Real 2. site
gggcactaccaagtacatacgactctagttcccgataagattacacttgatccccatactatctccgtccgctccatttgcattgggatctgtgctgcagccgggaccgtcgttcaaggcgacattctgataaacggccggcgcattgggcccttcatgcatcgcaatcacggctacgtctaccaggatgacctcttcct
>DMU39739 3343 Real 3. site
attgtcttcttaaagttacctcagcttgtcctactttaaatatatggtctatacactagtttagtaggtggttaaaagtattctgctctccctgtttcaggcacatctccgcctggatcgtcgggtgtcgaaagaggagcgtcgcctcatcattaaagagctgctggagcgaaccggccttctttcggcggcgcaaactc
>DMU39739 4386 Real 4. site
atgcggccaatatactggctttggtaagtgttgtaacgaactaattggatttaatttaaaaaggagcatcattttaaagttttcacatgtctgttaatagctgcctggcatgataattgagcccctgatattcgtcataatctgctactggctgacgggtctgagatccaccttttatgccttcggagtgactgccatgt
>DMU39739 4687 Real 5. site
tatatattcatgatcacctcgggaatctttatacaagtgaagtgggtgattaaattgatactttcaattaagttcgtttcaagaaacactcaactttcagttcgctaccagtggcgttttggtggacacaattcctctcatggatgctgtatgccaatgaggcaatgacggctgctcaatggtctggagtgcagaatata
>DMU39739 4845 Real 6. site
gaggcaatgacggctgctcaatggtctggagtgcagaatataagtaagtttaagctttaataccctgttccaagattaatattaattgaaatttgaatagcctgttttcaggagagtgccgacttgccgtgctttcacacgggtcaggatgtcctggacaagtacaccttcaacgagagcaatgtctatcggaatttact
>AF044925 576 Real 1. site
catgcggatgcggaatccttagctgacggagtggcactggctcaggtaactatatatacatatatagttcatcaatatttaatagctcctttattcacaggcccttaaccagttcgcccccgaatccttcaccgacgcttggctttccaagatcaaggccagtgccgtgggcagcaactggcgattgcggatgagcaatc
>AF044925 1403 Real 2. site
aagataccgatctgctgcacatgcaaatgcgcatagaggaattaatggtacggtcaacacgattacatttaaattttatgttatcatcattttcttacagaaaagttccgctgaagtgaccacactgaaggatgaagtggatgttctgcgggagtccaacgacaagcttaagatatgcgaggcccagcttgacacgtata
>AF044925 2022 Real 3. site
aaggctctgcgcgagggacagggtggccagacagctttggcggttagtaatattagatagcataacttggccactttatattaaaacacattttttgcagcaactgctggacgatgccaataaacgctgcgagaatttgcgtgagcagctaaaaacagccaatgaacgcattctttccctgtcgcatgcttctcaaagcg
>AF044925 2208 Real 4. site
tgcttctcaaagcgatgatcccattttaaaagagtaaatataataagattttcactattgcatgtataattttctatcaaaatcttttcttttatcccaggagcgagtttggtaaacaaatcaaacagttaatggagctaaatgaacaaaagagtgagtcatgattactgccataagaaaaaagccttctaatattttat
>AF044925 2318 Real 5. site
ggtaaacaaatcaaacagttaatggagctaaatgaacaaaagagtgagtcatgattactgccataagaaaaaagccttctaatattttatatcaacacagcactccaactggaggaagcagttacccagagcacgtctctgcaatgcaaggtgactcagctggaaaccaatttatcagcgcgtgagcaggaaattctggt
>AF044925 2545 Real 6. site
ggagaaagctaaggaggtgatcaaaagcatagatcctcgaattgccagtggtaagtgctgnaaatataacaaaaatttacaataattgttgaaatttcagctctggatgctagcgtactggaaaagagtgctgatctcgtcgaggaggagcccaagccgaagatgagtgtgatggaggagcaactcatgacctccgcttt
>DRODROSOPH 1722 Real 1. site
gcaaggacacctggaagaagtgtcctgactgcggcaagtggtaagtgttactgcaaactaaaaatagttattcctattgaccattttactctaactttagcctcaaattgggaagcatgtggatgcatcggaagattcacagcgataacaagaagtaccagtgcgacatctgcggccaaaagtttgtgcaaaaaataaac
>DRODROSOPH 3037 Real 2. site
atgaaaatgtcctgttttatgaattgatttacctagttattcgtataaaatagtattccttttaaaaactttatattaatttaaaattttatatttgtagtgccttgtaagcccagcgaccgactagcttgcccctcactggagtcctcgccgttttcgtcacccgcctccatggagctgaccgctgtctcatgcgcctc
>DME011778 1005 Real 1. site
tactctagtggtgggatcagcggtgatggccttcgacgaggtgggtctgcagctaaagtaaaacatttttccactatatacgacggatatttattcataggtttgtccggaacgtgtagatttgatacacaagaactaccgcaagctgtgcaatttcctgctggatgtggacgaatggggtcaggtgatcatcattaata
>DME011778 1899 Real 2. site
gagtggcctggttcatctgctgtccaatcatgacggtgcgttgagctttcttttagccatttgtattttaattttataagtattccgttattccatttagaacacgtggtggccgagagcgtggtggtgattaagcgtcttctgcaaacgaaagccgccgagcactttgagattatcacccaaatggccaaactgatcga
>DME011778 3177 Real 3. site
attggtcccgtgatgacgccctcgttgggaggattcctgacgcctggtaaggtgatgcgcatctctaaattggcctctttatataataattcttcaataggcacaccaatgatggctggacaggcggcgccactgcagccgcagcacgcccgcaatcgggtggaattggtgggtccctcgcacatcgagttcaagcacaa
>DROARF2A 264 Real 1. site
gttcaaaatacgatacactaaatataagcctttagttcgcgcataatttttaagtacttgcaatcaacgtgcacataattttaaatatttttgtacgcagttggcttggatgctgctggaaaaacgactattctgtacaaattaaagctgggtgaaattgtaaccaccataccaaccataggcttcaatgtcgagactgt
>DROARF2A 596 Real 2. site
aactgaagctgaaagagaactacagaacatggtactcattttatttaattaaaagtatatacatacgtgtcaaccaattccatgtttatttttcccacagctccaggaggatgaacttagggacgcggtacttttggtttttgccaacaaacaggacctaccgaatgcaatgacagctgccgagcttacggacaagttgc
>DROARF2A 778 Real 3. site
agcttacggacaagttgcgccttaaccaattaaggaatcgccacgtatgtcttaggggtaattgtcccaaaaatgtttacttatatctacccatttttagtggtttattcagtctacatgtgctacccaagggcacggtctttatgaaggacttgattggctatcagctgaattggctaaaaaataaaaatattccttat
>AF018998 269 Real 1. site
aactcagaggctggttggcttaggaagctgggaaaaaaaatcgtatggattcccttcaaaactaaacgaaatgaattattaatttcgattttccttttaggaacgcatcggtcagcataccagggatgcctcaatccaggtcctcggaatcgcccaacaggccgccaatgttgcagccaccgctcgaggttgaaatcaxx
>DMBJ1G 1039 Real 1. site
acaacttggccggctgtcggagcgttccatctccggagagggtaagtcttggcattcaaattttctacgaaatctgtattaaaaaaatgttaacccccaggtcgtcgtggcaaacgcgacttgctgcggcccacccagctcatcatcacgcgggccaaaccttttgaggccatctgggccaccaactactgcacattcat
>DMSPALT 6189 Real 1. site
tacagcctcgctcaatattacttatatagttaggctgtgaattgcgtttacttaactcgtatcctaaataatttgagaatgttgttttctgtgttttcagacatcggtagcgatcaggaggagaacggtggctgctcgccactgaccacggcaaccactacggccagtcccagccgaagtcccgagccggaggaggagca
>DMSPALT 10148 Real 2. site
tgaatttattggggggttttctaacggtgcctacacttaaaacgaaatttaaaccagaaaactgatgggaaatttcctttttttttcgtttattttccagggcaacctgaagcaacacatgctaactcataaaatccgcgatatggagcaagaaaccttcagaaatcgtgccgtaaagtatgtaagtcttccaatatcac
>DMSPALT 10516 Real 3. site
agataattgttcctatgcccctaatgaccatcttattaaatacattaatcatttcacttttactaaacaatccacatctttttgctctttcccattgcagatgagtgagtggaacgaagatcgcgaataagtaaacactctacactaccacgattacgatgcagatggcttaatccgctatcaagatcacttgacccccg
>DMTID56 2141 Real 1. site
cttggagcttgaattcgtagttgaaatatacgtgcgttctatgtgcgagctttattaaatgatggcgtctttctctccccttccccatctctcgttgcagcgcaggagcgagtgaggagccaggagcgggagcagctgctaaagccagtgcagcagccgccggatcaggagcctccaagccaggaccaggagcagaagaa
>DMU04822 2202 Real 1. site
caactaatattccaaaccttttttataataccactttcaatagattttacgatcccacttgatagattttccactaataaatcatcccgtctatcttcagcaattcaacgccgccgccgagaaggtgaagagcctaaccaagcgtcccagtgatgacgagttcctgcagctgtacgccctgttcaagcaggccagcgttg
