>AF041048  458 Real 1. site
agcaaacaactgaaatgtgttccgaccaagaaaccggccatgcataaatgtggagccagcagaggcaacggaacgaaccatgaaatacgaatataagctggtagacccgatgaacttggccaagaaaaacaccatcaaataactgagtagtcggtcacaaaactaatttgtctttcgccttttcagctggccacggatga
>AF041048  686 Real 2. site
tcaccaaatgccagcagtggtggaaaccgcgggcccagcggcctcaagatctccttcctgtgcctgatcatctccgtcatcctcctgctctttgtctttggtgtgtaccatttgtattatgtaaaagacgaagtgcccaaagttgtactaacgaaaacctctgattttcccactgttaccgtgccctacgcccacgtgga
>AF041048  1996 Real 3. site
cattcccaacgatgagcagcccttcatgtgcttcgaccttaccttcatctcgacgctgctgcgcgaaggatttggcctcaacgatggcaagaagattaaggtgagtcctggcgcacttaacacaaattgaactctctagtaactcgttttaaattgtgcagctttacaagaagatagatggccacgaaatctcctgggcc
>DMMBNGEN  274 Real 1. site
atttgcttaaatataaaaaatatctaataacgacttttgtatgcactttactagaactcaatctacaaataaatcaatacggaccaaaaatactcaggaagtctagcaataaaagccaaaaggttattaccaaaactaatttagcttttgtataaaaaatatcgaggatgcaaattacttagtaagttcagaactagctg
>DMMBNGEN  355 Real 2. site
gaccaaaaatactcaggaagtctagcaataaaagccaaaaggttattaccaaaactaatttagcttttgtataaaaaatatcgaggatgcaaattacttagtaagttcagaactagctgacaagcagtttaaataatcaaataaataacttttcaaactgcattgaaattttcaaactgcattgaaattttaaattataa
>DMYELLOW  1278 Real 1. site
gctctggctagtggagattatattccgcaaaatgctctacctgttggagtcgaacactttggcaatcggttattcgtcactgttccccgctggcgtgatggtaagtggaagttaaatatgaagcccttggggagatcgtaaatgggacattcttacttagggcatcagagatatctgattgagtggttgacagttttata
>DMU43588  1171 Real 1. site
gcactgatacggagcccgtgctgctctccaagcacgccaagaatctgctccgattccttaatctcctgccagctcgcatggcctcgcacgataacaccaggtaagtgcatcctggcctcgtatttaacttttggttaaccatttccttgtccatcaggagcaccattgtgttcttcgccgtctgcggcctggatgtgcta
>DMU43588  1379 Real 2. site
gcatctggtgccgccacaactgaggcaggacatcattgactggatctacggaggattggtagtgccacgcgacaacgagaaaaactgcggcggtttcatggtgagcataaattcgcgtctgtcaggtgtacaaacagtcgttgacaagccaaacagaaccatcttccgctcccacatccactcccaatcaagttccttat
>DMORUBCD4  424 Real 1. site
gagcagaaaggagagtccgagaaacggaggaaacatcatggcgaacatggcagtgtcgcggatcaagcgggagttcaaggaggtgatgcgcagcgaggaggtgagtcccgagcaccaaggccgaaggacactcaaacggcacctcggcaatgccagctgcaccaccgcccctggtcatggtgcagggggcgggggagggt
>DMORUBCD4  780 Real 2. site
gcgcggcgagatcgccggtccgcctgacacgccctacgagggcggcaagttcgtcctggagatcaaggtgcccgagacatatcccttcaatccaccaaaggtacgtaatagccatgtcagactttgtgcacctatacaatatgctagcttagaaataaacaactcttacatgagtacacctcatctttcaaaaatcgtat
>DMU04239  870 Real 1. site
cgccgagggcaggcgactgagtcagctgcccgagagtgagtgcgattttgatttcaaggagcagccagaggacttctttggcattctggattcttcactggtgagtggtggagtcacgtggcccgacctaaaattacaatcttcagcattacccaacaacaggtgccgccgaaggagccaaaggatgatatctatcaact
>DMU04239  994 Real 2. site
gacctaaaattacaatcttcagcattacccaacaacaggtgccgccgaaggagccaaaggatgatatctatcaactcaagacaaccagacaacattcggggtaagttccactgggatttatagccacacaatggtgcgcaattagcccacacacttgccttggccactggagtgcttgcctttgggcacgtaagtaatac
>DMU04239  1483 Real 3. site
aggccatgcgccactgggagaacttcacctgcatcaagtttgtggagcgggatcccaatttgcatgcaaactatatatactttacagtcaagaattgcgggtaagtctaatattcgttctatggagaatttataatttatatcccatcgaatagttgctgttcgtttctgggtaagaatgggaatggacgccagcccatc
>DMU04239  2358 Real 4. site
agcggagaggtcatcaccacccagacaagtcgcatgcttctcaactatgtcaacaggaatgcagccaaaggttaccgtggattcaaggcgagattcgagggtaagttttaaacttttcaaagaaaaacacaaactaatttttccattccagtggtatgtggtggggacttaaagctgaccaaagatcagtccatagactc
>DMU04239  2671 Real 5. site
acgggtgtgcctacgactttgtggagatacgggatggcaatcacagtgattcgcggctcataggacgcttctgcggagataaactgccgcccaacataaagtaagttactttcaaaggaaaaatgatcactaaccaagtgaatatccacttagaacccgcagtaaccagatgtacatccgtttcgtatccgactcatcgg
>DMU04239  3293 Real 6. site
ctacctccagtggtgaattccgagcagagtatcctcaggctggagttctactcggatcgcactgtccagagaagtggatttgtggccaagtttgtaataggtaacttacagaaaaaaattaatttacgtacgatctataatatcattattccacagatgtggatgagtgttcaatgaacaatggtggctgtcagcaccga
>DROAFLL  228 Real 1. site
tttgtattaattgtagcaccacatacaattaactaggtttactaaacttaagcatttagaggcagcgccagcactagacaaagttcagccgtaatcatgggtttgtacagcacggagcatggacgtggggaacctcccgttccggcgacacccggtgacgaagtctggtcataaaaatcatacgttcttcttccaggtgg
>DROAFLL  541 Real 2. site
tggtcaccacgatacccaccatcggcttcaacgtggagcaggtcacctacaagaacctcaagttccaggtctgggatttgggcggacagacaagtattaggtgagttggttacacgagagcagtattgtgatggcattacccaagtcttatttaatatctagaagacatattttcggttgtagtttagtaagccttttgg
>DMU20543  655 Real 1. site
tattggcctgaacaagggccacaagacctcgaagatcaggaatgtgaagtacaccggcgacaagaaggtcaagggtctgcgcggatcgcgcttgaagaacgtaagtttgcacgcccgtttattctttgtttacacggacgactctactcttaaattccttgcagatccaaacccgccacaccaagttcatgcgcgacttg
>DMU84752  528 Real 1. site
agttcctgattgtcttcgtcgccctcttcgccctggctgtcgccgatgttcagattctgaagcaggagtccgatgtcggacctgtaagctttaactatgggtatgttttgtgaactatgtgacaaggatttgttttcttaccctttgctcttgattagctacgagaccagcgatggatcctctgctcaggccgccggaca
>AF025408  400 Real 1. site
tgaggcctttaccgccttctccaaatctgcccacaaggcaactaaggatctgctaatagccaccgtgggtgtcaaggactatggagaactggagaacaaggtgagttttattttatggattacctaggatttagatatgtggtaatgattggaaaaaatgtggtttctgctctgttcatttggaatcctggattgcagcc
>DROOPSA  297 Real 1. site
gtgttagaaatattgttagtgaatttgcagctttttatgtagacagtgtgatataggcgggaaatagtgacgcagccagtaaccaaaacacaatggagaggtacgatcggtggatccactggatgttctggttagcaatttaacatttgcttcggtgttgcagctttgcagtagcagccgcgcaactggggccacacttt
>DROOPSA  921 Real 2. site
ccggccggccgatgaccattccgctggccctgggcaagattgcctacatctggttcatgtcgagcatttggtgcctggcgcccgccttcggctggagcaggtgagtccttgaaatggtaaaccttctgggaacccatttttttagtctgcttagatataatctaaaatgatcatagctactatatacaaatgtttaaaaa
>DROOPSA  1257 Real 3. site
acgcgactggaacccacgctcatacctgatcttctactccatcttcgtgtactatattccgctgttcctgatctgctactcttactggttcatcattgctgtaagtggcgacgagaaacgcatattccagtcgcttaacccgatatatcctccctcaggctgtctccgcccacgagaaggccatgcgcgagcaggccaag
>DROOPSA  1593 Real 4. site
gactgttcaagttcgagggcctcacaccactgaacaccatttggggagcttgcttcgccaaatcggccgcctgctacaatccaattgtatacggcatcaggttggttatgggctatgaaacgtatatcccttaatatttaaccaattttttattttcattccgtatagccatccgaaatatcgcctggccctcaaggaaa
>DMYEMA  1630 Real 1. site
aaagactgccaagtgcatccgcatcaaactcgatctgttcgagaccgattcgaacaagtatcccgagtttaactactcccggcttttgtatttggaaaaggtaagagtgtataactcagttggaggatcgctttctaaacccttgcaatccgtagaaaaagaccaaaaagctgaagcaggtgagcactaccaatggctcc
>DMYEMA  1907 Real 2. site
ctcctatgccacaggcagggggaagagcaaaaaggacgactaccgggacattggaatgggctacgatgagtcggactcattcatcgacaacacggaagccgtaagaacaagaaatatttccgacgaatgcactgaaattatttaccttaaactctatgttctgtccagtacgacgaaatcataccggaggaggcggaaac
>DMYEMA  2795 Real 3. site
gtttccaccgacgtgtccagcagcgatagcagcgatatggagtctgagcacggccgggcagataggcaggccggtcagcatggcaaggatgggcaggaaagtgagttacatatacagtattagttggttgaaatcaccctttcacgtgttcatttttaagatcttcgcaccgccgacactctgctccccaccacattgga
>DMYEMA  3003 Real 4. site
ttgtgaccgcagtcaacagcttcaaagaagcggtgaagagtcgagacatgtgcggcaagaagtttaatctggatgtgaagctttcgccactactgcttcggtgagtttgcagccgatgtaaacatcaagtacagatttaaggcttatatccattaacctacaccagggtgtacgaggcggtgctgtgcacggaccgcaac
>DMYEMA  3309 Real 5. site
ccaccattatgctggagaagctgcggcgggctgtagctgtggtcatgcctaaggcggtggccaactatgagacggaactgcgcacatttgctgaacaggcgtaagattgttgttaagcgaaataacgattaggttcctttagattatgattattattttcagagctgcggacgtgaactccgaactgccgcccaaaatgc
>AF034856  7531 Real 1. site
cctggagtacgagcgctacctgcgggaggttgtcgaggcccttgaggcggaccctgagttccgtaagaagctggacaaggcgcccgaggccgacattcgggtgagtaggatggggatttccctgaactatgttttccacatcttgaaacgcagatgttgtcatttgttgctaaatttgcattacctttgcagaaatacat
>DMARIADNE  1308 Real 1. site
ccagatggaccaagatgactaccagtacaaggtgctcaccaccgatgagattgtgcaacaccagcgcgagatcatcgacgaagccaatctgctgctgaaggtatggccaagcgcaagtacagtgaacaccgctagtatacctatccatccgcaacttaactatcagtcctagggcagccatacgaggttacattcttcac
>DMARIADNE  2419 Real 2. site
gaagctattggagaagtacttcgacgacaacactgatgagttcttcaaatgcgcacatgtcataaatcctttcaacgccaccgaagcgatcaaacaaaaggtgagcccagtgctaaggctccatttgatgtctcatctaatgcgtttcccttcattttcagacctcacgcagtcagtgcgaagagtgcgaaatatgcttt
>DMARIADNE  2537 Real 3. site
ctccatttgatgtctcatctaatgcgtttcccttcattttcagacctcacgcagtcagtgcgaagagtgcgaaatatgcttttcacagctcccgccagatgtaagttgtcatggagaagggatgagtaactccgtgacctaattgcggtgtagtatatattttcccgctgattaaccacgaatattttggggggaaacat
>DMARIADNE  3879 Real 4. site
agccgcacggctcctcctggtacaactgcaatcgctatgacgaggacgaggccaagacggcccgcgatgctcaggagaagctgcgctcctcgctggccaggtgggtcattcgactgtgaacgacgtcacaggataggaccccttttgtttttttttttttttaagtgatacttgttgtgtattattttcgcagttcgctg
>DMARIADNE  4341 Real 5. site
catgaaccacatgcagtcgatgaagtttgagaacaaattgtatgcatctgtgaagcaaaagatggaggagatgcaacagcacaacatgtcatggattgaggtaagtggtgaaaactcgtgaccataacaatgcgaattcagcacactcattgcaattgcaggtgcagtttctgaaaaaggctgtcgacatactttgccag
>DMARIADNE  4629 Real 6. site
acttggagtcggcaaccgagatgttgtcggagtatttggaacgtgatattacatccgagaatttggctgatattaagcagaaagtgcaagataaatacaggtgagcgagcgagccatgtcctgttgtcccccaacatacaaacgcctcattatccaaacattgattcggtctctccattcgattaggtattgtgaaaagc
>DMLAMIN  1521 Real 1. site
cgcgctcgtgccgagatcgatatcaagcgtctctgggaggagaatgaggagctcaagaacaagctggacaagaagaccaaggagtgcaccactgctgagggtaagtgcgtggaaactgaatcgataagaaaaccttataattgtagggcaaagaaagtagagtaatgataaaattaaaagtaagaagagacaaaaggcgt
>DMLAMIN  2468 Real 2. site
ccacggtcaagagatagaccttctcgagaaggagctcattcggctgcgcgaagagatgacgcaacagctcaaggagtaccaggaccttatggacatcaaggttagctttaatacttgtctaaaatcgtgcacgtattaatacataaatctaattatcctgcttaggtctccctggatttggaaatcgccgcatacgacaa
>DMCYP4D2  217 Real 1. site
gatttcctctggcgcaggcggggcaatggtatattgccgggtccgcggccacttcccttcctgggcaacctgctcatgtatcgcggtctagatcctgaacgtgagtttgagttccagcccatcgatacagtttgttatctggccaaatctattgcaatccataatcattcccaataataatctgcagaaataatggactt
>DMCYP4D2  691 Real 2. site
agcgccgtaatggtggagcagcttcagtcgcgccgcgacggcatgactcccattaacatctttccggtgatttgtctcactgccctggatataatcgcaggtgagtttgccattagtcttataaatatttataacagcttaatactcgccgtttagaaactgcaatgggcacaaaaatcaatgcccaaaaaaatcccaat
>DMCYP4D2  817 Real 3. site
atttataacagcttaatactcgccgtttagaaactgcaatgggcacaaaaatcaatgcccaaaaaaatcccaatctgccctatgtccaggctgtcaatgagtgagtgtaatgataggtcgaatcccacagttctgatgaattcttccttgtgacagtgtcaccaacatcttgattaaacgttttatccacgcttggcagc
>DMCYP4D2  1433 Real 4. site
ggtgagctgaagtttatggagaacgtaattaaggagtcgctgcgcctgcacccgccagtgcccatgatcggtcgctggttcgccgaggatgtggaaatacgtaagaagttccatatgagattcttcaatctcaggtaaacatattgctcttgtcaggtggcaaacatattccagcaggcaccaactttacgatgggcatc
>AF047010  929 Real 1. site
tgctctggccaggaaacttaactgcccagtgctctcctacgactcggatttctacatccacaacgtcaagtacatcccgctgatcacgctgactgttaaggtaaggcataagttatttggattccagcatatactaagcgattccatgtaccccaggttctcaccaagcaggtgaaggacaagaacagcagcaaccagaa
>AF047010  1426 Real 2. site
actaaagctccagcagaagcgcatacaggtcatcctcacatggctgaaggaggaaacggcggagtctgctctggcgaaagtgctgtcgagactgaaaaaggttcgttgcttgagatatctttttccgatttatgctaaaaataatattcttgcagaatcagcgtgattccctggtctcccaagtgaatgcagccatctct
>DMPPGENE  800 Real 1. site
cggatgccctccggatacaccgtattgcgtcgcgaaatcgagctgtatcttttcctggagcgccagttacccaaatgcgacgtaaggaccttctggatcggtgagttttacaatgaaaatgccgcagagtgaatgtttgctatacatacaaacagttattcgctgtttgcaattgcaatcgagtcgcaaagattgcaaca
>DMPPGENE  2875 Real 2. site
gtgagtacatcgacctcgaccacatcggtgaccaccaatagcgtcggcacctccccagcagctcccgacgagaagcgcacggtccccgtctaccacactggtaagtgccgaattaaataactaatcgctttgtattaattatgtctcctaattagatgaaagcatcaataaatcgatccatgccatgatggccatgggtt
>DMR118C  756 Real 1. site
gaagcgctacggagaatattactcgaataacgagataagacgggctgctgaaacccgatggaacgaaatgtcattccgtcatcgatgccagtattctgcggtaagttaggtgtcgaatacaaacgaaatgcacatgtatgcaatcgtaatgcacttccgcaggaaccattggacacttttcatgtagagcccaacagtgt
>DMU20566  331 Real 1. site
cagcgttccagaagctgcaggagtactacgactccaagggcaaggacctgaacatcaaggacctgttcgtgaaggattccaagagattctcaaaatacaggtgggtttttgtgtcgatttcgcctcagagggtggaagttacgtatctagttcccgcatacatacactcattcgtgtatcccccatcggcaatcgtttat
>DMU20566  1159 Real 2. site
gaccaccctcttcattgtcgcctcaaaaactttcaccacccaggagaccattacgaacgccacctccgccaagacctggctcctggagcattccaaggaggtaagtacagcgaaaggtcgaacattaaatgaccttcattgatagcgctttaagcaaagataaccaaactaatacaatgaaccatcaatggaccctagtg
>DMU20566  1747 Real 3. site
gtcaatctgtctgtccattggctttgagaactttgagcaactgctggatggagctcacttcatggacaaccatttcaagacgacaccattcgagaagaatgtaagactcaactgagagttaagtaaaatgattatagttaaccattttattggctttcctaggctcctgttatcctggcgttgctaggcatttggtactc
>DMU20566  2338 Real 4. site
ctggataacttgttgccccacaaggtgttcgtcggcaaccggcccactaactcgattgtggtgaagaaggtttcacctttcaccctaggcgcgttgattggtacgtctcactgtttcagctcacgagcacctattaatgtcaattgattttgcagcgctgtacgagcacaagatcttcgttcagggcatcatttgggaca
>DMPS35  2234 Real 1. site
gatacacagtttgtttgtgtctcccggcgtgccataactaactatcgggcatttctacttgtcatcattgagctcagcggcttgcatttcaaaagtcatggtaaagtgtttattgcgaataatggtgtgctaactgcatttgttacaaactcacatctttgctttcagtttcgcaaccagtacgatagcgatgttactgt
>DMPS35  2932 Real 2. site
gttcttggacagctccaaagatgaaatcatccgtcacggaattcgcgctatactcggtaccctgcccacggatgagcaaggcaaagatgccggtcagtatgtaagttcattgcacatttcccgtcgcgaatagttagtaaattgtgtttttcttgcaggacatcactgtggccatcgtcggcaaagaccagccattcaca
>DMY10276  288 Real 1. site
ggtgggcgacaatgttacggtcaagtgctgctactgtccgccggatcggatttatcgcggcagtgtccgctccaccgggaactttcacatgcacatcaaggtagggattccacccatttgctaggggtaaatgaaagttattaacgtggttttattttggcaatcctcgtgcgcagagacgtcatagttccttgttgggc
>DMY10276  637 Real 2. site
catgcaagctgctgttccgtctggaaacgaaagccacgagctgaaaatcaaaacggtttttcagcgccacaagcaagagcaggagggagctacccgcaaggtatgttttgggtgggcagaagcgagatgtcgacatctctcaccttgccttttaccgttagnatcgaatactgtatctgttcggatagcgaaatagctta
>DMY10276  861 Real 3. site
tgagcttgatatctccgtttttttccagctcgaagattccacttcagataaagctaatctaccaaatatccctaagaacttgggaattgtcgttcagaacgtaagtttcctttattcgcaaataaatatacatatatattttgtagatcatattttaaatatcaagttttgaacatatttcaatatttaatgaagcctat
>DROTUBA1  205 Real 1. site
cgtatacgctctctgagtcagacctcgaaatcgtagctctacacaattctgtgaattttccttgtcgcgtgtgaaacacttccaataaaaactcaatatggtgagtactttaaaaaaaaatctagtgaaataatgctgaaaagaaatttgtgtgggcaaaattcaatgggcaaaaacgcgatgcggctttttctcaaaat
>AF081252  49 Real 1. site
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxatgcccagcgagattataacccttcaattgggccaatgtggcaaccaaagtaagttcttcaagtcgaaatcgaagttaagagatgctccggcttgatcgagatcactccattccgcagttggtttcgagttctggaagagattgtgcct
>AF081252  321 Real 2. site
cttttaccaggcggacgataaccattacataccgcgggccgttctcatagacttagagcccagagtcattaacaacatcatgacctctccgtactccaaggtcagtgcggaaactggtcttattggatcggattctgatctaatctactttattttatgtatttcatttaaaaaactatgtagatggatatgtgtttccc
>AF081252  1020 Real 3. site
catgaacaacaacctcatcggtctgaccgcctcgctcattcccacgccccagctgcacttcctgatgacgggatatactccgctaatgtccgactgcgaggtatgatgatatgacatatgtaaatgggaatgcaaataaaaagaggcaaccactttcagaccaagacaagcgttcgaaagaccaccgttttggatgtgat
>DMCOPIAV  1604 Real 1. site
atgtccgtaaagcgtctccaagaggcaggaatgtcgatcgaatttgacaaaagcggtgtaaccatttcgaaaaatgggttaatggttgtcaaaaattcaggtatgttaaacaatgtacctgtgatcaattttcaagcatattctataaatgctaagcataaaaataattttcgtttatggcatgagaggtttggccatat
>DROSEV  3840 Real 1. site
agatcgggatcgtgatccttcggaggaacagcatggcgtcgacgagcgaatggtcctggaacgcgtgaccagggattgtgtgcagcgctgcattgttgaggtgagttctagatttctaacattacctaagttttatattgtatttacatacattgtgataatgcacatttcgtgatggtgtcaaaagagcataaaacatg
>DROSEV  7628 Real 2. site
aattatttcctttccccttttccaggaggatctgtttctggacgaatttggaatacagtgcgaaaaggcggacaatggcgagaagtgctacaaaacacgagtaagtcgaagacattggggagccggcattgaaatgggataggatcgttaagtcgggtaatccgataccattgttcgcgctttggattaaccactccagt
>DROSEV  8153 Real 3. site
ccttaaccatttttcgccctttttttttttgcagtgcaccaagggctgtgcccagtggtatcgcgccctcaaggagctggagtcctgccaggaggcctgcgtaagttttagctcatcaccaatcatcccacccagctcccattacacaatccatattcagatccagtttgacccctttcgttgttgtctccccttttggc
>DROSEV  8659 Real 4. site
gacgggttccagtgcctggtttaacttagccgattacgactgtgacgagtattatatgtgcgagatactggaggccctgataccctacacacaatacagggtatgtttgttttgcatcattttcatttttaatatattatttatttatttatatacatttcttcagttccgatttgagttgcctttcggcgagaatagag
>DROSEV  8965 Real 5. site
cctggctgtccactggcatcccggtcgcttcaccaatggacccatcgagggttaccgcctgcgtttgagttcctcggagggaaacgctacaagtgaacaggtgagagatggtcattcaatcatttcaattatccgtagtaaacatatatacatatacatatattagctggttccggccggacgaggtagctacatctttt
>DROSEV  9360 Real 6. site
actccatgatctatcaatctcaggaggaattggctgatatcgcctggtcaaagcgggagcaacaactgtggctgctcaacgtccatggagagttgcgcaggtgcgaaggattagatatatagacaaattatttagctaaatccgatgaaatcttttcagcttaaaatttgaatccggccagatggtgagtccagcgcagc
>DROSEV  14080 Real 7. site
ttcgtttcgccggagaagagaggatcactggtcctggccatcattgcgccggctgccatcgtttccagctgcgttctggcattggtgctcgttcgaaaaggtaggtcagaagcttgggacttgaaaggcaacatattgtattgtattatatccgttcagttcaaaagcgacgactgcgtgccaagaaactgcttcagcag
>DROSEV  14417 Real 8. site
gaagttgctccgatttcttggcagcggtgcttttggtgaggtgtacgagggtcagttgaagacggaggactccgaggagccgcaacgagtggccatcaaggtgagtagtcttcggtagccggaaaaggggcaacttttgaactgcttttgatcctccagagcctccgcaagggagccagtgaatttgccgagctgcttca
>DROSEV  14671 Real 9. site
aatctgcttcgacaccgagtccatatctctgattatggagcacatggaagcgggcgacttgctaagctacctacgtgccgccagggctaccagcacccaggtgggttaagttttataggtggtattagtttaagtttactaaagattatgccctctaggagccacaacccactgctggactctcgctctccgagctcctg
>DROSEV  15175 Real 10. site
tgggccagcagccgtatgcggcgaggaacaacttcgaggtgctggcccatgtcaaggagggcggacggctccagcagccgcccatgtgtacggagaagctgtaagtctatcgttgctttcaatttcatcattttcattcattactgagagattaattctttgattaatcctgtccaccagttactccctgctcctgcttt
>DROGLDGMC  4005 Real 1. site
atgtggtggtagcgccttcatgctgttcatgggcctcctggaggtctttatccgctcccagtgtgatctcgaggatccctgcggaagggccagcagtcgggtaagctgtaaatgacgaaggccactaagagtggctacccatatctcaatatagatttccaacattattacagtttcgatcggagccggactacgagtac
>DROGLDGMC  4199 Real 2. site
gagtacgatttcattgtcattggcggcggctcagcgggctctgtggtggcctctcgactgtccgaggtgccccaatggaaggtgcttttgattgaagccggtaagggatgtgccccagcaactcatacccatacacatacctacatacttaagttacactgctccggcaattagaggcacgttatgtggcatttgtttag
>DMU06861  1013 Real 1. site
tttctcagtaaggattaaggatgcttcgattcaatttaatcgtggcagtttgcgagaatttcggaatcggcatcagaggcgatctaccatggcgcattaagtaagttggtaacaaggattgaaccgcagctaaagcttttgtaccatcagatctgagctgaagtacttcagccgcaccaccaagcgaacaagtgatccca
>AF016992  575 Real 1. site
gatctgctccggaatatggagcaggatcgcctgaagcacggcgaatccggctttagcctctacgactggatcaatctctgcaccatggacacgatctgcggtagggatctaggtctttaatttttatcatctagcaaatggtggtgctttggagaatgggctcttggtgtggcctgagtaaggccatagtatctatttgt
>AF016992  1333 Real 2. site
aaccagctgcactacgtcgacctgtgcgtgaaggagacccttcgaatgtatccgtctgtaccgctgctgggtcgtaaggttctcgaggactgcgagatcagtgagtacagtgcgtagaggagtaaagtactcaattttaacttgcctttccccaatgcagatggaaagctcatcccggcgggcacgaatatcggcatctc
>DMU38951  312 Real 1. site
tgtacgtgggcttctttaaaacacttgaatttcctttcggtttgtgcagtgaaaaaaatcagtcaaaatggcactgagcgatgctgatgtacaaaagcaggtaattgaaaacttggattgggaacgggcaggcgatcaaggtcgtagggaaacaagcaaaacgagaggcttcgtttgcctttttgcctttgcaatttgcc
>DMU38951  1054 Real 2. site
gcgtctcaagatcatggaatactacgagaagaaggagaagcaagttgagctgcagaagaagattcagtcctccaacatgctcaaccaggctcgtctgaaggtgcgtgtcgtccagttggtggccctaacatataccggaaaacaccttatttttaatcattcgtaatgtaccctgtaggtgctgaaagtgcgcgaggacc
>DMU38951  1459 Real 3. site
gatcaatcagaacgtcgagctgttcatcgacgagaaagacttcctctctgctgatacctgcggtggtgttgagctgctggccctcaacggacgcatcaaggtgagtactgtcctttcggtggagagagagcaatcccaactgatctaacaaaccacttcaggtgcccaatacgctggagtccagattagacctcatttcg
>DMTOPII  3135 Real 1. site
attctccaccagcttcaccgttgagactgccacgagggaatacaagaaaagtttcaagcagacttggggaaacaacatgggaaaagcctccgatgtgcaggtaaggaaataacatttcttattttagaccatcatctaatgttcagtaaacccacagatcaaggacttcaatggcactgactacacacgcatcacattca
>DMTOPII  3616 Real 2. site
gtcaactcgatagctacctacaagggcggtcggcatgtggaccatgtggtagacaatctcattaagcagctgctcgaggttctgaagaaaaagaacaaaggtacgtttaacttaaaatgtgtattttcttaaacaacaactaatatttgctttgaacctcttccaggtggcatcaacatcaagccattccaggtccgaaa
>DMTOPII  6720 Real 3. site
ggcggttgtcaagaaggagccgggagaaaaaaagccgcgccaaaagaaggagaacggcggcgggctcaagcagagcaagattgacttcagcaaggccaaggtaagtgtttcagtaattgcccatatttgtttttaaacccaaatctgtatttaattgtcaattaatatttttcatctttaggcgaaaaagagcgacgatg
>DROPFK  1048 Real 1. site
ggacaaaggactggcggtcttcaccagcggcggggattcccagggcatgaatgccgccgtgcgagcctgtgtccgtatggccatctatttgggctgcaaggtgagttggtgacctctgtcaagtacttccgcccacgcagatcgcgtccggtgaccccgatcccaggcacaggcaacaaacccatagtgaacccagaaat
>DROPFK  2414 Real 2. site
gcctcaggagtggtccagcctgttggacgagctggtcaagaacaagaccattaccaccgagcagcaggaaaagttcaatgtcctgcacatgcttggattggtatgctacacagagtattccttggatatattttcttatggatgaatctttttgtaggttggctccatcgacaacgatttctgtggcactgacatgacca
>DROPFK  2635 Real 3. site
atcgcatcatcgagcaatcgaaggctaaggtccaatctccagtacagcctaactcccatcagcgcaccttcatcatggaaggtcaggtgtctcattgcgggtaagttgatctctgagcggatattgcgaggaaaagttggatgcctctgtattagcctaagtgtcagtgattaaattgggattttagctaatgcctggaa
>DROPFK  3110 Real 4. site
tttagctcttgtgggtggactggcgtgcgaggcgattcatattcatccgaatgcgccaggtcgattaggccagacaggctctgctctcagctggacccaggtcaggaagatgagctccatttccattccatcaagtcactggagaagtccgaaaggcatcggaaatatgttctcgagagacttggtataggatttaggat
>DROPFK  4476 Real 5. site
aaagaaggtgatcgacgagcgtctgaagcacgatgcccgcatcactgtcttgggtcacgtgcagcgcggtggcaatcccagtgccttcgatcgttttttggtaagtatttatacgaagatgacctcaataactgtatttttagtaatttacaatgctagctagttttagattgtatcttttaaaggttaatattaaaaca
>DROPFK  5102 Real 6. site
gcagcttcgtgcgcaatgccatctaccgcggtgatgtggtttatggaatcaacgacggtgtcgagggtctgattgcgcgaaatgtccgcgagctgggctggtaagtaatccgacaagggatcactctaaatcgtgtcttaatgcaattcaatttcaggtcggatgtctcaggatgggttggtcagggtggcgcctacttg
>DROPFK  5999 Real 7. site
tcaactgcaagtccccggacaccgccacgctgctgggaatcgtgtcgcggcagtaccgcttctcaccgctggtcgacctcattgcagagacgaacttcgagtaagtttaacccgatggtcaccacaaaggggactatgaattccctttaagctcttggcataacccactcctcttccagtcaacgcatcccgaagaagca
>DROCDPR  1829 Real 1. site
gccgaaaaagaacaaaaacctgcagcatttacattcaaatataaatccgaagcaaagaaacagcaaaatggtggactacagcaagtggaagaacatcgaggtgagcccactgctgggtgccaaccaaaaagtcctcctaatcggcacactaccttttagatttcggatgatgaggacgacactcacccaaacatagacac
>DROCDPR  2092 Real 2. site
gaaggacgagcttaagaaaaagcgccagagctaccaggcgcgcctcatggacgtcaaggagcggatctcaaagaaggatggcgacgaggaggccctgaaggtgggtcattgcaccgaatgcactgcgcacttgttgcttaggctaatgcctggtctgggagttccctatgttctcaatccatctaatttattcttattgt
>DROCDPR  2933 Real 3. site
gatccaggaggcgatagcccaggccgaagaggaggagcgcaaggagcgcctcggacctggtggtctggacccagccgatgtctttgaatccctgcccgatgtacgttctagtgattcactgtatgggaattacttgactaacttttcatgtatttgctccgcaggaactaaaggcctgtttcgagtcccgcgacgtagag
>AF077070  709 Real 1. site
ctgaccatcaccattgccacctatccggtgcagatcgccagctacagcaaagccatcaaggtgaccgtcgacgggccacgggagccaagaagtaagcaaagtgagttttttagtttccattatgttttcagtttaatccactcccaaagatcccgaaaaaaccaattcagaaaccgtttgcatatcttcaattacaatat
>DMDES1  760 Real 1. site
gcagacctatgcacaaccggatcttgggcttcatctgcaacctgcccatcgggttgcccatgagcatttccttcaaaaagtaccatctggaacatcaccggtacgtgccaatcggttcgaattcataccctaaaccgcaccctcacgcacacatgggcattaacacttttctctgggcaacagggcgtagtcacacagta
>DMPIMP  162 Real 1. site
cgcagctcactgctagaattcaatcaaaatacctttttaacaccaataaatgctaacaaaatggatcagattttaaacaaggaaaacaccggcattaattgtaagttgaattaggttcgactcccgttcgtgttagtaattacatagccatttatcattgcagtgccagcgaatcccattaaaaatggagttcctacaaa
>DMPIMP  549 Real 2. site
tttttgggcgcctacgtattgaattgcgaatacagagtcgtcaatttgttcaactacactgactttccgaacgagaaatgtttgaagaactgcagcaagcgtaagtaccgctcatattaaacaactccccttgaaaattgtactataagttgtattattacagcggtcacagagacctggtcggaaaatcaagagggcta
>DROSNF  1330 Real 1. site
aatccgattcggatattgtggccaagataaagggtaccttcaaggagcgccccaagaaggtcaagccaccaaaaccagcgccgggtaccgatgagaagaagtgagtatcccaattgctaattgggcccgtttagattcaatcatttgttgccaacggccatggtgctaccatttgttgctccctgttgcctcgcaaaaac
>DMBX200  1792 Real 1. site
gctggtttactttttgttttattctttatctgctcgcagcgcctacagaatggccaaaatgccggagacaacgtttgccgacctgagtctggctgataaggtaactacatacatacatacatataaccatgggaggaaacagcatagtgaatatttattagccacttgaagttagtaggtgtgttggccagattcccaca
>DMBX200  3139 Real 2. site
actttattattatttttttttatacaatagactgctgtgaagaagtcaagtattgaagctcggcggttttctgatgtgtccacctgctcattcagttccagtaagtactataactatgactaagatgtaatgtaaagcattaatttacatgatctatctataatgaagcataaaaggatatcattgttttccatttcaat
>DMBX200  3957 Real 3. site
agggcggaaaacttactgttccggccatcaacgttaacgactcagtgaccaagaacaagtttgatactttctacacgtgtcgtgactccatcctggacaggtgagcttagatacacatgatttaggaagaatactaaatgattatctttgactgatcctttctattaattctcttccagtctgaaacgcaccacggatat
>DMBX200  4355 Real 4. site
aacgggaaacaaaaatgttatcaccagggatcacatgaatcgcatgaagaatggttgtatcctctgcaatatgggacattcctgctcggagattgatgtggtatgtattcggtgtgattccactgtggccttcatctatcaaaaggtttttaatccactttagaatggcttgcataccccggagctaacgtgggagcgtg
>DMBX200  4662 Real 5. site
gtatccgtggcctcatccacccaggctttggccctgattgaactcttctcagcgccaggaagatataagtcggatgtctacctgctgccaaagaaaatgggtaggttctcagttaaaatagctaaggaaatctttggacaatttaaattaatttaatgaatactttcagatgaatacgtggccagtttgcatctcgccac
>DROBROWNPR  683 Real 1. site
tggaagcagctgaactactatgtgcccgcccaggagcagagcaactacagtttctggaacgagtgccgcaagaagcccgagctgcggatcctccaagacggtgagtcaatgctccggatgtggaggtggtaggtgtctctgggaatgggattgatttgcggtctggcccggttcgctattgtttgcagccagcgggcaca
>DROBROWNPR  1004 Real 2. site
ggccatggagcggcatcagatgacgcgcatctccagctttctgccgcagttcgagatcaacgtgaagacgtttacggcctacgagcatctgtactttatggttagtccgctagatcccttaagtaaagcttgattaccttgagtcctctattccagtcccatttcaagatgcaccggcgcaccaccaaggcggagaagcg
>DROBROWNPR  1653 Real 3. site
cgtcggacatcttcgagctcttcacccacatcatcctcatggatggcggcaggatcgtttaccagggacgcaccgagcaggcggccaagttctttacagagtgagtgggctccttcctttcgagattccttctccattctacatcctgatcattttagcctgggctacgaactcccgctgaactgcaatcctgcggactt
>DROBROWNPR  1906 Real 4. site
tccgggcgaagtacgagcacgagacggatggactctacagcgggagctggctgctggcgcggagctacagcggggattacctgaagcacgtccagaacttgtaactcctaaatgtgattaatttgaggcataaaaactgactcttcaaaacttctcttatgtttcagcaagaaaataagatggatatatcaggtgtacct
>DROBROWNPR  2079 Real 5. site
aataagatggatatatcaggtgtacctcctgatggtgcgcttcatgaccgaggatttgcggaatatcaggagtgggctcatcgcctttggcttcttcatggtaagttctcaaacgctgtgccaaatttaagtagtattgtaatccccaattgcagatcaccgctgtaacactatccctcatgtactccggcattggagga
>DROBROWNPR  2236 Real 6. site
caccgctgtaacactatccctcatgtactccggcattggaggactcacgcaacggacagtgcaggacgtcggtggatccatcttcatgctcagcaacgaggtgcgtgcctttctctcctctccacctccagtcacttatctagttcttccagatgatcttcacgttcagctatggcgtgacgtatatatttcccgccgcc
>DROBROWNPR  2745 Real 7. site
atgaatgtggacacagtgcctggactaaagtacctctcgttgttcttctactccaacgaggcgctgatgtacaagttctggatcgacatcgataatatcggtgagcttacctcccagtagataatcaggatgcatccattatccaataatattttatccagactgtcccgtcaacgaggatcatccgtgcatcaagaccg
>DMZESTE  1270 Real 1. site
gagaaacatgggacaagatcgtcaaggacttcaactcgcacccgcatgtgagcgccatgcggaatatcaagcagatccagaaattctggctaaactccaggtgcgaaatagtgtttatgtggttggaaaatgttgctagagtggtccaggttccacaattcccacctcaccaaaatctagcttttaactccctatcttgt
>DMZESTE  1933 Real 2. site
cagatcagtgctgagaagctgactctgaatgatctgctggacttcaagacagctcgcccccgcgaggagatcatattgattaagcacccagaggctaccggtgagattgtacacccttcttaaagatccccttcaaagtctaaattcttccttttcgtttagccacccagatccacaccatacccacccaggcgcagcag
>DRONOD  188 Real 1. site
aagcgcagttcggattgcggtccgcgaggcgccgtaccgccagttcttggggcgtcgggagcccagcgtcgtccagtttccgccatggagcgacggaaaggtatgtgccccaccattggccatgtgcatgtctaacggtatatgaccgccatctcgctttgcagtcgttaatagtggatcagaatgaattccacttcgat
>DRONOD  447 Real 2. site
ggtggacaagctgctcgagggattccagtgcactgcactcgcctacggccagacgggaacgggcaagagctactcaatgggcatgacacctccgggagaggtgggtttttcgtttagccatcagtggcttaaatctttcccactgatctatcgcttctattcctttacagatactgcccgagcacctgggtattctgcct
>DRONOD  1052 Real 3. site
aatctgggcctgttgagcatcaacaaggtggtgatgtccatggcggcgggccacacagtgataccataccgcgacagcgtccttaccacagttctgcagggtaagtgctacgttttggatcgtctcatgctcaattagttagtggaccatttgggttcaagcctttattgattagcgacttagtgactactataaatatt
>DRONOD  1332 Real 4. site
tccgcatcaatgcgatctcagcgagacgttgtccaccctgcgttttggcaccagtgccaagaagcttcggctgaatccgatgcaagtggcgcgccagaaggtgagccatctatatgtaattaaagtccacacagtcgaggatcacctcgcgtatacgctgtttaaatgtagcctcgttgcccgcgcccaggaaaccagct
>DRONOD  3643 Real 5. site
tagtggttccaaaatccaaatatagcacaaccaagccgctgagcgccgtgctccatcgaactcgctccgaacttggcatgacgcccaaagctaagaaaaggtgagtaacacggaatggaccaaaagcgaagatgatctaatcctcccatatcttcctccatagggctcgcgagctattggagctggaggagaccacgctg
>DRONOD  4417 Real 6. site
caaaatgttttctggacctgcttaacaatggaaacgttaagcaattgcaggagattccagggatcggtccaaagtccgcctttagtttggccttgcacaggtaagttacttacatagttggcatacctttatttgcgttttacccaataacccttaatccgtaatccacatttttcagatcccgcctgggttgcttcgag
>AF025540  1227 Real 1. site
atttgtttacgaggaactgcaggatgaggagcagccgcccatcatcaccattagcaacccgcagattctccatggagacattcgtgataagcacgtcatcgtaagcattgcaaatgtagttgttaaattcgctcttcaataatttacaacatttacaatgtttgcaggctgtcaacgttgatggccagttgcgatggttc
>AF025540  1558 Real 2. site
gcaggatgagtttcttgtgccaatgctgagcggagaggaaccagttaaaataaaacaatcatcgctgaccgatctggcttggagttggagtacgccggatgtaagaaagaactataaacgaaaaaaacgaacttttcctaacaatgtttttatcactaaaggctgtacatcacataagtcccaaagcggaactcaagaag
>AF030334  307 Real 1. site
aaacgggcattcagcccattaaaattcacacaaggcagctatttaatgatttttataagcggatgcagtacttaaactttccgcgcatgccaaacattatgtgagtgactcgcctctggcaaatggtgtgggcaattaaaataacttggttatttacaaaccgcaggatgttcctggaggttgcgatcttatgcctgtgg
>AF030334  767 Real 2. site
cctagatctcaccgacttccacaccgaaaaggagctgaacgataagctgaacgactactatgccctgaagcacgtgcccaaatgttgggcagctatacaggtgaggaatcttaataacatctaatgtacctaatgatttcaaaaggtggggccgagtctgtatgaaaatacagattgtcgcattattttctgataaggag
>AF030334  1568 Real 3. site
tcgtggtgtccaccttcttcatcgactggaagaatgccaacaagtatccggcagtaattgtgttctacataaatctttgctttctaattgcttgcgtcgggtaagttttgagcactattttgcatttgtattcttaatcaaccacgtatttactatgcagctggttgcttcagtttacttctggctcgcgagaggacata
>AF030334  2249 Real 4. site
ctctgctcactttagttttcatactagtggccattgcgtgccacgttacggagtttaggcatgcagacgaatgggcccagagcttcagacagtttataatgtaagtgtaaatactcgtttataactttttccatacgcctcaactagataattcttttgtttagctgcaaaatttcttcagtttttgaagaaaagagttc
>AF030334  2484 Real 5. site
ttcaattgcatttgctgtgtctatttagctctggaatcgtaatgtccacctggtgctggacaccttcttcaattgagacttggaagcgttatataaggaagtatgttttaccatcctaccaaaagttgcattaaagttatctgtactatcgattttataacctttgcagaaagtgtggcaaagaggtggtcgaagaagtg
>DMU84751  372 Real 1. site
tcctgatcgtctttgtagcaatcttcgcttttgctttggctaacgaagcgcaaattattaacttggaatccgatgttggacccgaaaactttcagtggtcgtaagtagactgacagggtcctcataaaaatgcctaactgattctggaccttcgtattagcttcgagaccagcgatggccaggcggctaacgctaaggga
>DROPOLYABA  926 Real 1. site
caacgatccatatgccttcatcgaatattccaactaccaggcagccacaacagctctgaccgccatgaataaacgcctattcctcgaaaaggaaatcaaggtaagctgattagcttctcttaagttatcaagtggacagcggtcattttcattcattttgttcgaaactacactcttgcaacacacacattccccacgac
>DROPOLYABA  2006 Real 2. site
aacaggagcggcgatacccggccaaatgatgacaccccagcagattgcggcgcagtatccatacgcgtaccagcagatgggctactggtatccacctgcggtaagtgttgtattctttaaatacgcagtgacctaaagattgaccgtaactttgtgcttttctgcagacttatcctacaacccagatgcagacgcaatac
>DROPOLYABA  2167 Real 3. site
ctgcagacttatcctacaacccagatgcagacgcaatacatgcagcagggctactatccctacgcctaccctaccagtgctcagcaagcgggaggagtccgtaagtttacttttctcagttgctgaataatcgtgaccttggcttaaacagcttgcatacaattttcagcggctggataccgcatggtgccgccgaatgt
>CMGCR1A  334 Real 1. site
ccactcggaagcaaccaaattcactccactctactctactcaactcttccccccaacaaacacactcgcccgaaacgtcgctatgaactccttctcagtggtaagtaacacacgatcccgacgacctcaagaccccagaccccagagccgattaaacctggagcsaagcggrwtwacaaccttacgggatttagaaagaa
>DML2AMD  1031 Real 1. site
gtcgcctcacatgcatgcctactaccccaccagcacctcgtatccctccattgtgggcgagatgctggccagcgggttcggcgtcatcggattcagctgggtatgttggtttatggtgaaatctgctgctgctgctgctgctgcttctggcccattgttttggccggctgaatgggcgctcattgtgccgggtgggtgaa
>DMRLC1B  1030 Real 1. site
tgtggttcgtgctcctcaaggcagcaacatgctgctgaccatggagcacgagtgcaatgacaaaatggaagtcttccctagtccggagcgcatcgataaggtgggcgatatttgatggtggagatccttttctaaaactttagaattgcaggtgaaaatctccatggaaaacctggagacagtagtgagggagcggaaca
>DMMP20  1037 Real 1. site
atcagtgttagcttttcagagctttagtgaagatcccgcaggacccgaaaccaaaaaccaagaatcaaacatgtctcttgagcgtgccgttcgtgccaaggtgaatactcaatcagtgtagaaaaaagatccttaagaaaacacacatataaacgaaaatatatgcaagaaatgtgaaacaaagagttttgtgaaatatt
>DMMP20  1510 Real 2. site
gtacggtgtgcccgacatcgatgtcttccagaccgtcgatctgtacgagaagaaggatattgccaacgttaccaacaccatcttcgctttgggccgtgccgtaagtttcaaatcgccttctatcccattgtcatccaggctaatccttgaattgcggctcattgcagacctacaagcatgccgacttcaagggtcccttc
>DMU19742  223 Real 1. site
agaagaagagcagcaaccgggaccatgtccaacttgaggaaattcaaagacgaggagcgcgagtcggaatatggccgtgtctacgcggtatccggaccaggtaagcgacgtcaccagagcccttcatgcgctgacccccaagttctgtaatccttaatcctgcctttcttctgttcttaattatactcctccacatcttc
>DMU19742  2161 Real 2. site
ccttgagtccacagcccagtcggacaacaagatcacatggaacaccatcaaggaatcgatgggcggaattatgtaccagctgtcgtcaatgaagttcaaggtgagtgggtttatctattccaactattatttatattaataattcacattttaaggacccggtgaaagatggcgagcaaaagatcaaggcggactacgac
>DME9557  772 Real 1. site
ctgaataaaaagcaagctaattgtgtcccttacctttcagcccaataaaatggagaacgacgccggtgagaatgttgatctgtacgtgccccgcaaatgcgtaagtgaaacacgtgttccccgcacaatttgccgaatggattactgaccagccgatacccttccctgcagtcggcgtccaacaggatcatccacgccaa
>DME9557  1034 Real 2. site
acggttccaagacctacgccatctgcggcgagatccgtcgcatgggcgagtccgacgactgcatcgtgcgtctggccaagaaggacggcatcattaccaagtgagtttgtgctagaatccccgggatggacatccactaatgcgcgcatttttcgccttgcaggaacttctaagcgtggcgtacccatagctagattttg
>AF086715  233 Real 1. site
aaggatagaaaaacatcgactttaaggggatttaagacccgccaacagcaccgcaaaatgcagtctcacagcaaaaagcgcgtttgttactactacgacagtaagttttgagcatttaaatggaagtaaaaggcctactagatgggtaatttgtgtttacaaagtgccagctagggttaccatgtcgactttgtgttttt
>AF086715  783 Real 2. site
ctactactatggccagggtcatcccatgaagccccatcgcatacgcatgacccacaacctgctgctcaactatgggctctatcgaaaaatggaaatatacgtgagttactttattaatatgtgatgatagatatatatatatatatatgatagatttaaacgcgaatttcttctattctagcgtccccataaagccactg
>AF086715  2110 Real 3. site
tacaagggtcagcggaagcggccgcgtctcgacaaggacaccaacagcaacaaggcatcctcagagacgtccagcgagatcaaggacgaaaaggaaaagggtgagtgattaaccattagtcattttaaatggttctagtgaccacttgtaatttatatttaaacaatactaactaaaccattatgctgttttcaggcgac
>DMTU36B  1230 Real 1. site
cacactgaccttggaggagggcggattctacaagacgctaaaggagcgagtccgcgagcaactaaagaccatagacaagcggccgaaaaagaagagtgatgtgagtgttaatctccaaaaaagaataccttattgaaaatgggcgtgcgttagatttcatttcatatcagttaagtaattcttatcagttacttattgat
>DMU52952  2428 Real 1. site
aactccattcgcttatctttgcagcaaaatgagcagctccgaggaagtctcctgggtcacctggttctgtggacttcgtggcaatgagttcttctgcgaggtgagatatcatcatcatatcagcatcatcatatcagcatcaacgacgaattacccgcgttcttcgctgtaatcgcgtatctaagcgcgcgctataagtg
>DMU52952  2821 Real 2. site
gatgaggactacatacaggataaattcaatttaactggtttaaatgagcaggtacccaactatcggcaagcgttggacatgatcttggacttggaaccgggtaagtttagaatgggctgttacccatatccaaaattgtaatgtatatagctaatgcgccttaccatccacagaggacgagctcgaggacaatccactgc
>DMU52952  3086 Real 3. site
acaaatcgcggcatcgctcaaatgatcgagaaatatcaaactggcgatttcggacattgtccacgtgtctactgtgaaagtcagcccatgctgccattgggtgcgtaaccagatccttgatcaatcgctcttacctatagctaacaaacatagttgcgaatctttctgcgcgtaattgattgtaatctaaaaaaaaaaaa
>DMU52952  3929 Real 4. site
ataccgatggcgcctatttcggcactggatttccacacatgctcttcatggtgcatcccgaatatcgtcccaagcgtcctactaatcagtttgttccaaggtaagatttatacccattactgtatatgcacattgttaatatgctcttttgttttatgtgcccgatacgacgtcaacttgatcatcacatacataggcta
>DMU52952  4107 Real 5. site
tgatcatcacatacataggctatatggatttaaaatacacagcttagcttatcaaattcagctgcaggcagcagccaattttaaaatgccactacgagcggtaaatttaaaacttaataactagctattagtatcctttccaccatttaccccactctctcatctttttttttgttgtattttattttggaatctaaaaa
>DMPUFFSP  501 Real 1. site
ccgccgtacggacagcgcaaggattgggtaccacatacggatgcggactttggcgatggcggcgccttcccggagatccatgtggcgcaatatccactaggtgggttaaagttcgttgctaatcccactttctctgtgcttgcaaacaatgttgtccgggtttttcgttggtaatggtgtcctcgtaagggaaataacca
>DMPUFFSP  1332 Real 2. site
ccggcacctgtcctccactcaccatcgcgcaaggtgacggtcaaggagcaaaaggagtggaagatcccgccctgcatatcgaactggaagaacgccaaaggtgcgagctaatgtaaaactagaatcctcttcattatcctaattaaatctttgcctcgatatcaggttacaccattccactggacaagcgtctggcagcc
>DMXDH  1555 Real 1. site
ggcattggtactgagatacagcgagataccgtgagctacagatacatagcacttcacgatgtctaactcggttttggtgtttttcgtgaatggaaagaaggtacttaaagatactcggatgccttgcgtgtctttccttaaagtcggcccactcttactatatcgattccctttattgttttattgccctaattgcgttt
>DMXDH  4971 Real 2. site
cttcaaatacaaagtgggcttcaccaaggagggtctgatcactgcctgcgacattgagtgctacaacaatgccggttggtccatggatctgtcattttcggtaagagtggtgggtttatggaaaatccatatgtaggtttctttatgcataccatgtttgctcaaatatccatgtgttgtattttccattgaacatctgg
>DMXDH  6566 Real 3. site
tgctcgcgaggatcagggcttgagtggtgacttcccactggaggcgccttccacatcggcacgcattcgaattgcttgtcaggataagttcacggaactggtaagttacccttggattagtttagaacattaaactaacttttattattaatttattaattatagcttgaaatacccgaaccaggatcatttacgccatg
>DMPRUNE  390 Real 1. site
tggaagctatcagccgtttgttttcccagcttttccgagatttccctaacaaatgtgctttctacgatttttggcccaggccaggggcaccttgggacgggtgaattctgaaagagcaccagaagtgagaaggtcaagcactaatagggtttctcttctcgcgcagcatctggcggaggcctcaccagttgcctgggctg
>DMU83247  609 Real 1. site
gtatccttgcctgctcactggccgctcctccagccatccagcaggatgctcaggtgctgcgcttcgacagcgatgtcctgcccgagggctacaagtttgcgtaagtggttgtcgttcaacagattcggccagatttccaggtttccaactgtgtcaaggtcgtttgctaaccggtttctggttttctttagcgtggagac
>DMU46009  434 Real 1. site
ggctcacggatacgatcgcgcggtgaccatttactcacccgacggtcacctgctgcaggtggagtacgcccaggaggccgtccgaaggggttccactgtggtaagtcctacctggaggccacccgcacttgcctattagttaatcctccaaatactaaccaaagatgggtctgcgcaccaacaacgccattgtaatcggc
>DMU46009  728 Real 2. site
tcaccgcggacgcacggatcctggtaagccgcgcccaaatggaggcccagagccatcgtctgaatttcgagaagcccacgaccgtggagtacataacccggtgaggaaggagcactgcctacacagggaaaagtatgcagtgaatgagctgaggaattgcaaaccacaaaatactcatgcatactttttcctgccctttc
>DROIMPDEH  965 Real 1. site
cggcaatccagacaaagagtaccaccggattcgatgccgagctgcaggatgggctgagttgtaaggaactgttccagaacggtgagggactcacctacaagtgagtagtgatcaagcctctgcaaaagtcgttatccaaatctcatgtcattgcccccatccgaaattcccgacaatcccgaaaaaaaacagcgactttc
>DROIMPDEH  1208 Real 2. site
tctcagttcgccactgaccaagtcgctgacattgcgagcaccgctggttagttcgcccatggacacggtaaccgaatcggagatggccatcgccatggcggtaagtatcggattttaatgaatccctagacatacatatatacacatatatatacggcccagaaccgctggcgggttcgcctgagctgtgctagcctgtg
>DROIMPDEH  2054 Real 3. site
atcatccttgattcatcgcagggcaactccgtctaccaggtggagatgatcaagtacattaaggagacctatcccgaactacaggtcattggtggcaatggtaagtaccagaacactacgtaaaagggtatttcaaaaatgaagacacatatagtatacacaggtcattcgcttgtccgtatgaatttgagatgttttta
>DROIMPDEH  3008 Real 4. site
tcgtggacaagggcagtgtgctgcgctatctaccctatttggagtgcggactgcagcacagttgtcaggacatcggtgctaactccattaataaattgaggtaggctaacatggacctaattccaaagaacatgaaactaatctttatctccgcatgttaaatttccgcagggatatgatctataatggccaactgcgct
>DMU42204  1075 Real 1. site
gacggacaacgtgatggggaactcctacgacgacatgctggacaaggaggctctgctcggatcgaaaagcgagccgaaggggcaggatcccaatgacatggtatgcagacatggtatctgaatcagccgattaaagtactatatttattgaattcgaatcatcagattacttccctgggcggaaacatactgctggacca
>DMU42204  1384 Real 2. site
acgccgtacgtggctgcctttttgcttggggaacaggattaccagcggcggaatagcaaatacatcaactccgatccaattgtcatcatcgatttgattggtgagcaccaatgctgcattttgtgggttaagctatcaatggaacttttcagtggacgttaccttcatcgtggacattataataaactttcgaacgacct
>DMU42204  1507 Real 3. site
tgggttaagctatcaatggaacttttcagtggacgttaccttcatcgtggacattataataaactttcgaacgacctttgtcaactcgcaggacgaagtggtcagtggccagcgtggtggagtactcaaatttggaaattaagcaaaccacactcgttctaggtatcccatcccggacggatagcagttcactacttgag
>DMU42204  1680 Real 4. site
cggacggatagcagttcactacttgagcggctggttcctaatcgatctcgtggccgccgttccgttcgatttgctcctggtgggcagtgacaccgacgaggtgagagccatctatgcactcctacatggaattgattaatgcctgcactccgcatttcagacaactaccttaataggacttttaaaaacagctcgactct
>DMU42204  1895 Real 5. site
tggcccgaaaaatagatcgttattcggaatacggagccgcagttcttattttgttgatggcgacctttattttgattgcccattggttggcatgcatatggtaaactagcctgataatagtcgatttgtttttggaattgcttaactctatttaaggtatgcgattggaaatgcggaaaagtctatcgcttccaagaaca
>DMU42204  2072 Real 6. site
aaagtctatcgcttccaagaacatcggttggctcaattcgttggcctacgatattcaagaaccctatttcgacaaccgcactggtggtccctctataaaggtagagtttccctccgtccatctactcgtaatccgcatgactctaaaccgatcctcttgcagtcgcgctatatcacggctttgtatttcacgttcacctc
>DMU42204  2255 Real 7. site
tatttcacgttcacctcgctcacttccgtgggatttggcaatgtggcaccgaatactgatgctgaaaaggcattcactatttgcgtgatgctcgttggatgtaggcaacatcgattatatttctttaaatacgtgtaatgagacctttaatttcccccctcaagctcttatgtatgcaagtatttttggaaacgtatctg
>DMU42204  2438 Real 8. site
ttttggaaacgtatctgccattattcaaaggctgtactcgggaaccgccagatatcacacgcaaatgctgcgcgttagggagttcattcgctttcaccaggtattgagcacgcacatcctataagtatagaactgagcacctattcctattctgcagataccgaacccgctcaggcagagactggaggagtactttcagc
>DMU42204  2550 Real 9. site
cacatcctataagtatagaactgagcacctattcctattctgcagataccgaacccgctcaggcagagactggaggagtactttcagcacgcctggacctgtaataccatctgacctccttcctcttccctagcctaataataactaataatccactgccctttcagatacgaatggcatcgacatgaactcgctgctca
>DMU42204  2753 Real 10. site
gattccccgagtgcctgcaagccgacatttgcctgcatttgaacagaaagctactgacgacatgtgccgctttctcggaggcaagtcctggttgcctacggtgagtttgtgtccaagcgaaccagtatggaaaatgaacgagtacttgaacttgcagagcgttctcccttaagtttaaaaccacccatgcaccgcctggc
>DMU42204  2950 Real 11. site
ggcgatatcctagtccaccgaggagatgtgctcacctcattgtacttcatagccaggggatccatagaaatccagagagccggcaatattgttgtacttggtgagttcagtgatttcggaccaactgtcgtacataaaattaaactcataaataagacactctctacctcttcttttttctagttgtgaactgtgttcta
>DMU42204  3368 Real 12. site
caaactgcacagggacgatttgctggacgtgctggactcgtatccggagttcctggagagcttcgttagcaacctggtaatcacctataacatgagagatgtgagtaagcggacctcgttgcagtgagtgcataactgaacggtggccatatcctgttcctttcaggacgagcactctggcgtcgatatcaagcaccgct
>DMU42204  3529 Real 13. site
ttcaggacgagcactctggcgtcgatatcaagcaccgctacctgagagcaaagtcctccgacaaaatgaggagctctcctgacataccctctataagaatgtaagcgaataccacgttgcgggagaatgctgtcttacgtacttcttttcagagtcgggctgcgttataagaaacaaaatgttaatacttctgtgcataa
>AF018985  155 Real 1. site
agttatgaaatactttgtggtccttgtcgtcctggccctcattttggccatcagcgtgggtccttcggatgcagtatttattgatattcttgacaaagtggtttgtttcttctttaaacaattgtagtttacaatgaagcttaaacatttgtatttctacaggaaaacgcaatacacaatgctgctcaagtgggaattgg
>DMU03986  60 Real 1. site
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxtcgtactgcatccctagagcaccgttatatgaaagcttttcagaatgggtgaaataaatggtaaattatattagctatgcgaatttccaatattgataaaaatgccattgcatttaagcactcagctgcgttggacaggacgatgtcgtttccctgcgca
>DMU03986  523 Real 2. site
ccggccctctgtgtggctacactgcaaaaacactccgctttggtggcctattttactcaattggattcgaggggcgtgcaagaaactcaaacagtgcatggttagtaaaaatcaagtgtatttatatagtaacattaaagtaaatttatttcaggtctgggagttgcagagctgcgtggaatgattaaagctgcaggacg
>DROARF3B  322 Real 1. site
ggatgacacatcagcaccatgggaaagttactatcaaaaattttcggcaacaaggaaatgcgaattctcatgctcggactggacgcggctggaaaaacaagtaagcacataaacaataaagggttctcgaattcgattgtgggcctgattagtacccattagtttcatcagtttcctaagtggaaaccaatcccatttaa
>DROARF3B  904 Real 2. site
atagacgaggcgcgcacggagctgcataggataattaacgatagggagatgcgcgacgccatcatactgatatttgctaacaagcaggatctgcctgatggttagtatagtgcttagccaattgtttccatccgcttattgttctctcttgcagcaatgaaaccccatgaaatccaggaaaaactaggtttaactagaat
>DMGLASS  5193 Real 1. site
caggaacaaatgcgcgactgctgagcccaaacgttccagaagtggagtcatgtcatgggattgttatataagggttccaaactcctgaacacaattctgggtgagtgaaatcggaagcaccattgcacagatatgcagatacagcatattgtatggcgatacacggatggaaagtcgcgagtcgagagagcaaagcaaat
>DMGLASS  5612 Real 2. site
gtacatatcgtgcgatgtctcaaacggcggtcctgtggaaccagagacgggctatgtgcccaacaatcccctgttcggcctggcgctggacagccctcaggtgagtcctggaatcctttttcgattttgcctcaatatctccggaaatcttcgagcgttcggttgtgcttgtttcgtggaaagaacttagctgaaatctg
>DMGLASS  7584 Real 3. site
cctcgtgcaagaagtccttctcggacagcagcaccctcaccaagcacctgcgaatccacagtggcgagaagccctaccagtgcaagctctgcctgctcaggtgagtccgggatgggggatttacttacaccgtccttcctcattcctaaacgaaagaaaatggttttgcttttacttttacgtaaacccttaaagcttta
>DROCOL4G  1407 Real 1. site
cccagcgacggcaacatataaacttcaaattcgacgaggacagagcaaataattgtgcaggcttaagtgcatagggcatcatgttgcccttctggaagcggtaagaaaaatgacaaaaggtagaaaaataatacaaatggttgcaaaaatttaagttaatcaaagaaggcaattgttaattattaaaaaccatgacaata
>DROCOL4G  1963 Real 2. site
aagacgaagcacagttcctaaccctcctgatcttcgtcgacttctttgcaggctgctatacgccgctgtgatcgcgggagcgttagtcggtgccgacgctgtaagataaccgtagcccatgccatccatctggacattgaataatatactccttttccccgcagcaattttggaagacggctggtacggccggttcgatt
>DROCOL4G  2975 Real 3. site
tggcctagttggccgcaagggtgagcccggacctgaaggcgacactggactcgatggacagaagggcgagaagggtctgcccggcggcccaggcgatcgcgtaagtcgagttcatacttaaggctccaaatcgaagtggaagttgaaacctctatatgaaatatatacgtacagggtcgccaaggtaactttggaccccc
>DROCOL4G  3546 Real 4. site
ttggacacccaggaccaccgggaccagagggacagaagggtgacgccggtttgcccggttatggcattcaaggatctaagggagatgctggcatacctgggtaagtgcaattattcatttaatagtcctagcactcagtcgagtcccactgtggagccgagtcctgttcttactttccttcattaaagatcttatttaat
>DROCOL4G  5122 Real 5. site
ggtgaccgtggtgctcctggaaatgacggacccaagggctttgctggcgttactggtgctcccggaaagcgcggacctgctggtattcccggagtttccggtaagtttttgcagtatcccattcgaacatttgatgtgaaccatttggtttcatttgttcaggtgccaagggtgacaagggcgcttctggcttgactggc
>DROCOL4G  6153 Real 6. site
aagggagacattggtccaagaggcgagatcggttatccaggagttaccattaagggcgagaagggtctgcccggtcgcccaggcagaaacggacgtcaaggtgagtttgtgatcccatatttgtatttacacaattggttcatataaccatgtcaccaatcaacgttatttaacccattcaggtcttattggagcacccg
>DROCOL4G  7368 Real 7. site
ggcgccggctaatgtgatcgccgtgcacagtcaaacgatagaggtgcccgactgtccgaatggctgggagggtctctggattggctacagtttcctcatggtgagtatcggaacacttataaccgtcagattatagaagaatgatgagagttttcaaaatccacaagggatgcgtttccgaagtttccctagctttccag
>DMSGS5  474 Real 1. site
aactaccaatgggctcttcaggattgtgtctgccgttgtttccaaaacgaatgccttatgcaaatcgagagcgaccagcgcaaaaaggagggtagatcccgtaagtaaattaaccagttaagcaaaatgtattttatttataacttgtaaatacagcatttgtgcccgttacggaggaactctgccgttccttcatctgc
>DMSGS5  719 Real 2. site
ccggctccctgtggatgcaatcgaaagccaggatcaattgccacagagagattctacagtttgtgccacctgctgaaattctcagcggagaacagcaagcgtaagtccaaagaattggttccaaattatcggtaatatatacattttgtatctttacagcattcctgacttattcctattgttggcccttctaagtgagg
>DMU43737  293 Real 1. site
gtggtgcggattggtaaactgggcttcttcttccgcgccttcagcatggcgtggcgatccgtgggagccaataatgaagacctgattcgccaactgaagggtgagcccttgaattcgcaccgtttaatgggccgagttaataatagaaccgaatccccaagatcacggcgtcattgcaagtgatgcggtggcccaggcga
>DMU43737  491 Real 2. site
gatgaaggaaaccgaccgcaagcactactctccgcgcaacccctacatggacgccccgcaacccattggaggaggtgtcaccatcagtgctcctcacatggtaactcctagccagacattgaaacaaatagtttgctcgccatgtttgctgtgggagtcaatgcccacactcaagatgcttttaggaggcagcataaaaa
>DMU43737  1148 Real 3. site
tgctcccgacacacccaccgaactcatcaaccaactggccagcggcggacgcctgatagttccagtcggtcccgacggcgggtctcagtacatgcaacaggtgggcagatgctgatcgtataactgctgataatatgtatatgtaataataataataatatatatatatataataatatacataataatatatatatata
>DROGAS02  605 Real 1. site
aaccgaactacatacccacgcagcaggatgtgctacgcacgcgggtgaagaccactggcatcatcgagacacacttctcctgcaagcagctgcacttcaagtgagttgtcattaattgcccacttccggttgattcgattctaatggttatgttttttttttcgccacagacttttcgatgtgggcggccagcgatcgga
>DROGAS02  770 Real 2. site
cacagacttttcgatgtgggcggccagcgatcggagcgcaaaaagtggattcattgcttcgagggcgttacggccataatcttctgcgtcgcgctatcaggtaagtcaaatattctacgaatctgaggaatctgatggcaattgttatatatttcgttaggttacgatctagttttggccgaggacgaagagatgaatcg
>DROGAS02  1019 Real 3. site
tttgtggaaacatccataatactgttcctcaacaagaaggatctgtttgaggagaagatcaagagatcaccgctgacgatatgcttcccagagtacacaggtaagacaagagtgtagaaaacgattacatttttgtttaacttgatatacttttaggaaccaacaccttcgaggaggcggccaattacattcgcatgaag
>DROFASI  1697 Real 1. site
gaacgctgcagcgctgcttttggcgctgctctgcgccgcgaacgcagccgccgccgccgatttggcggacaaattgcgcgatgattcggaactctctcaggtgagtcagaagaagaagaagaagcgaataacgagaacgtggaggatgaggaggtgaaaggaggtggtagagtaagagcacgaagaaaagcagtagcagc
>DROFASI  7222 Real 2. site
aactcaacgctttcgctgcgcagctgcacgatctttgtgcccaccaatgaagccttccagcgctacaagagcaaaaccgcccatgtgctctatcacattagtgagttcagtttcaatcaggctgattaaaaataataaaaatcaaaataacatgactctaccctctgattactctttgcagccactgaggcgtacaccca
>DROFASI  7470 Real 3. site
gctgtacatcacaaagaactcgaatggcgacatctttgtgaacaatgcccggatcataccctcgctcagtgtggagacaaacagcgatggcaagcggcaggtcagtggccccacatatgcatatgttgcatttcatagagtgattgaacaactctcttcattacttaccgacagatcatgcacatcatcgacgaggtact
>DROFASI  7775 Real 4. site
gcgcacgtaccgcagccaggtgacgatggccaagaaagagtcggtctatgatgccgccggacagcacacgttcctggttcccgtcgatgaaggcttcaaggtgcttttctagtttaattgcattatttgttacgcattgtaatctcactgttgctttatgactccagctctcggctcgcagcagcctcgtggacggcaag
>DROFASI  8011 Real 5. site
ttcactgccgctgcccagcatgacgatcccaaggcttccgccgcttttgaggacttactcaaggtcaccgtcagtttcttcaagcagaagaacggcaaaagtaagattgcactaaagacataccattttactaaaggtttacgaatgattgtatggttgatataattttacttgcagtgtacgtcaagtcaaacaccatt
>DROFASI  8249 Real 6. site
cgagatcgtgaaggcgaacatcccagtgagcaacggagtagtccatctgatccaccgcccgctgatgatcatcgatacgacggtcacccaattcctgcaggtatgtagggtgttgaagactagcatccagtgcaattgtagacacacagacacgacacagacagtccaagaaacaaacacatagaaacaatgatagtgcc
>DROFASI  9822 Real 7. site
ttaaaactacaaaacacaatccaacccaaccacatatcgctcgaaattgaatcggtgcacccaaatattgaaacaaaaccaaaacgttcagtcgttcaaggtaaacaacagactcaaaatccgattttaattttaagttgttcggtttcttttgacttgcattttgttttgcatcccctgctattttagctatgcatgag
>DROFASI  11143 Real 8. site
gtggagcagttctggacgacatcaatagcctgacagaagtgaccattttggctcccagcaatgaggcttggaactcctcgaacatcaacaatgttttgcggtaatgttgctcaaatcgggaagataatatttaattatcataataataaataaatacatcttacagagatcggaataagatgaggcagatcctgaacatg
>DROFASI  11300 Real 9. site
atcttacagagatcggaataagatgaggcagatcctgaacatgcatatcatcaaggaccgcttaaatgtggacaagatcaggcagaaaaatgcaaatttggtgagctttacatgagcttataatcaaatggaaattttttacaaacaccattcttttcaaaagattgcccaggtgcccactgtcaacaacaacactttcc
>DROFASI  11584 Real 10. site
atgtggcccagactaatggttatgttcacatcatcgaccatgtgctgggcgtgccttacactacagttcttggcaaacttgaatccgatcccatgatgaggtatgttcaattttaaagctttattagtacgctgtttaaattttatcgtattccttaagtgacacctataagatgggaaaattctcgcactttaatgacc
>DROFASI  11806 Real 11. site
cttcacctactttgtgcccagggacaagggctggcagaagaccgagctggattacccatcggctcacaagaagctttttatggccgacttttcctatcatgtaggtttttcaccctaagcctattaggcttttctattatactcaaaatgttttgtaaccgcagtccaagtccattctggagcgtcatttggctatttcg
>DROFASI  12018 Real 12. site
accatgaaggatctggttaagttttcgcaagaatcgggcagcgtaatcctacccacgttccgcgactctttgagtatccgcgtggaggaggaagctggacgtaagtataacacattggataccaagggctcagttgcttgtcctttcaattcaagtcgattcgtttcacctaatttgattgattctattggtcttcccat
>DROROUGH  4372 Real 1. site
gcaattgccgccggtggagctgcgaatcctgtcctgccacacgcattcccagccggcttcccaagtgacccgcacttcagcgccggcttttccgcatttcgtgagtacttacatttaaaaaagaatggtttctaacaatgtgtagaatatttgcaaagctatagagaatctttagaactacgaaaataacttcttcagaa
>DROROUGH  7379 Real 2. site
aaacgctgcgtctgaccgaaacgcaaatcaagatctggttccagaatcgcagggccaaggacaaacgcattgaaaaggctcagatcgatcagcactacaggtgggtttcccctttagctaatttgaatcgttttttctgtttcatatttacaaagatatcttcgattttgattgagttaaataacattaaatgaacataa
>DMMTOG  1098 Real 1. site
agccaagcaacaagcaaacaagtgaatatcagttcgcctcagccaagtgaaagtcgagaaatagatacatacaagatggtttgcaagggttgtggaacaagtaagtggtacaacgcagcagcaagctgtataattgacaatcgttctcgattcctcgacagactgccagtgctcggcccaaaagtgcggggacaactgcg
>DROGLTFAC  1121 Real 1. site
cgcggttacactggggatttcgtgtctggtaacactgttccgtattctgaagctcgcagcattaattttataataattaattcctgccgtaatgcaacgcgtaagttgtgtagagacagtcaggcactaggtgaaaacatcaatttaacaaaatcattgttccagggcattgactcctttttcaaacggctgccggccaa
>DROGLTFAC  2517 Real 2. site
agactctggatgtggtcgggatggcctgggtggacaagcacaagcctacgagcataaaagaaatcgttggccaggcaggagccgccagcaacgtgaccaagtgagtaacctaaatgtataaatggtagcttccactttcaaagttatatatttattatacgtcacaatttgaaactgaaagccaaacaggagagggttaa
>DROGLTFAC  3488 Real 3. site
gtcttttgccgacaagagcgaccttttctttcacgactacagcctggccccgctctttgtgcagcaaaactatctgcaggtcctaccacagggaaacaaagtaagtctagtttacctaagccaagggcgtacccattcaccaacttcactctttgcagaaggatgtcctggcaaaggtggcagctacggcagatgcccta
>DMHGSG2  611 Real 1. site
aaggatgttcccaaccatccggatgtgtatcttatcgacgttcgacggaaggaagagctccagcagacgggcttcattccagccagcatcaatataccctgtaataaactactttccctagtatttgctttattaccatttgttttattactattttttttacttagtggatgaactggacaaggctctaaatctggatg
>DMHGSG2  838 Real 2. site
gatcgaaaccggagaagcagtcgccaatcatattcacctgccggtcgggaaatcgagtcttggaagcagagaaaattgccaaaagtcagggatacagcaagtgagctttaaaagtttattatagttgcaatactttatatcggatacatatacatatgtatgctcattttagtgtggtgatctacaaaggctcctggaat
>DRODOXA2  564 Real 1. site
cgctggctgacgagaagaagaaccaagatgtggccgccgtgcaggagatccgcgagcagattcgtcagattgagaagggggtagcctcgaaagagtcgcggtgagtagtgcaagaattaaaatcttgtcccttccttattatggctcatttccgccaacagcttcatcctgcgcgtccttcgcaatttgcccaacactcg
>DMU20542  1144 Real 1. site
cgtttttgtggtcttcaaaaagatgcagggcagtcaactgaccaagaagatgatcaattcgctcataacactgctgcgcgatgatacaaatgctgagcaggttggtccctaccagctgtccaagtagtttcgcttactaattgttgaaattcttcgtcctcagcgcactgcgaccaccggctacgtgctcaagcgcctga
>DMU20542  1579 Real 2. site
gctggttacggcagtcttccagattctggcagcccagctaaagggcagggagtacttggtgtccctgtgtggtgatatcctggcggtctcctttaaacaggttggtgcttaagcttttctgaaggagattgactacagtttcttatgattttacgtagctacccgctgcgatcttcgaggagtacgtgtggccacttctg
>DMU20542  2918 Real 3. site
tgtttctttggctttgtgcacaaagattcccccatccatcaccgtgttggaagatctgattatctgccgtaagaatgcactgcaaaagagcaaggagcaagtaagtagagaacctatacttcaatgtcatcctaaatctaaaataactggtttgctctaggttaacgaagagctcaaatggcaggacgtgcttacagatg
>DMCZSUDMA  479 Real 1. site
ttttcgttttgataaattgattaattcattcgaaatggtggttaaagctgtctgcgtaattaacggcgatgccaagggcacggttttcttcgaacaggaggtgagaatccaaaatcatttgaacttctctgctcggcaaaatgtacgaaaaacagaagttctaaaggtcaaatagccggctgcacccgcggccccctctt
>DMU63556  540 Real 1. site
gttcctcttcgagatcgtctaccgcgtggaggatccgctgatgttcgaggaccacatcaagcagggcgagaaattctactttgaggagtcctactacactgtaagtggatatagcactggctgaagttgtgcctctccctaatcactgatcattgtgatcccttccagcactacgacatgtacatgaagaagttcttcga
>DMSSRP2GN  1216 Real 1. site
agatatagaacggaaatcccagtataaagccaatccacgattgaaacattcggactagatccgaaatctcacagttatggaacactttcatcaaatacaggtaagcttgtgtgcaggtatacggcgttttatttaaaacacacacgcacgcacacacaaacacacatttatatacactcatggcacaacacacatacaat
>DMSSRP2GN  3523 Real 2. site
gcagcaacagcagcagcaacaacagcagcagcagcaacagcaccagcagcaacaacagatgcaacagcagcagcagcaacagaatgtcatcaattcggcggtaagttgaatatgccacatgcttacattagcccttagtcagcagctaatcccgtttccgttcttgatctctttctcgttctcgttttcgtggccaaaaa
>DMSSRP2GN  3789 Real 3. site
atactttgtacaaacttgcagagaggagcacaaaaagaagcatcccgatgagacggtgatattcgccgaattctcgcggaagtgcgccgaacggtggaaggtaagtaaatgaaatgatcaaatgacgtaaggactccttgttttaaagtggattgccatctatcccgttcgtctagacaatggtggacaaggagaagaag
>DMSSRP2GN  4029 Real 4. site
aggcggaaatgcagaactatgtgccgcccaagggagcggttgtgggacgcggcaagaagaggaaacagatcaaggaccccaatgctccaaaacgttcattgtgagttcgtagcaaagtcaattatcatattatacgctatagtgcatacaaatcaatgtgactgcaagagatatgaagcgaatcagatcaataatgatgt
>DMSSRP2GN  4333 Real 5. site
catcgccaaagagctgggacgaaagtggtccgatgtggatcccgaggtcaagcagaagtacgagtcgatggccgagcgggacaaggctcgatatgaacgcgtaggtttttaaggatatatacatgaccacttggattgacccgatcacatgtgcacttttgcctttaataggagatgaccgagtacaagacgagcgggaa
>DRODEADA  303 Real 1. site
tgtaaaacgtaaacaaagcagccgcaacacgtgcatttcattctctctcgtttagtttaataaaaaccgtgtagataatggaattatttactgttaacaggtaactaaacttgtgtttattacctacagtcattttaaatcaattacaccccagatataccgaggatttgaaagaacaaaaagatggggcccaaggcacc
>DRODEADA  1178 Real 2. site
ctatccaagcagcacaaactagaggatgagcaggagaagctggtggagcaatacaaaggcaaatactactccaaggcagacattgtggtgaccacaccaggtgagttaaacaaaccgagagaagtcttgtagtttcattatgtatgtaattttcttacaggccgcttggttgaccatttgcacgccacgaaagggttctg
>DROOTUA  1560 Real 1. site
tgtgatcgccgagcagatgtacgacacccagatgctgcactacgagattcggctagagtgcgtccgcttcatgaccctaaaacgacgcatctttgagaaggtaggcctctaacaatcacacattttgtaaaaaaaaaagaaataattttatttatatcccaggaaattcctggcgatttcgatagctacatgcaggacat
>DROOTUA  1720 Real 2. site
aggaaattcctggcgatttcgatagctacatgcaggacatgtccaagcccaagacatatggaaccatgacagaactacgcgctatgtcctgcctatatcggtaattaatccttagttactattttctattaaactacaaatatatatgatttctgtacgacttccagccgcaatgttatcctgtatgagccctacaacat
>DROOTUA  1942 Real 3. site
cgtcgctatgcggaaaacttccgtgtcttcttcaacaatgagaatcactttgattcggtttatgacgttgaatatatagaaagagccgccatttgtcaatgtacgtagcctattaatatatccaattttgctttttgtatatgtacgttgctttcagcaatcgcctttaagttgctgtaccagaagcttttcaaattgcc
>DROOTUA  2395 Real 4. site
gagcgaaaggcatccggcagcagtggccacgaaccaaacgatctgttgcccatgtgtccaaaccgattggagtcctgtgtccgccagctgctagatgatggtcagtagaggtggtttcaaacatcaaatgcttacataatactctctttttaggtatctctccgtttccctacaaagtggccaagtccatggacccctat
>DROOTUA  2585 Real 5. site
ggacccctatatgtatcgtaatatagaatttgattgctggaacgatatgcgcaaggaggccaagctttataatgtctacataaatgactataactttaaggtaaactgtgcagaacattggattatcgttagcacacatacacacgcacaccaacacacgtttcatgtcaaccacccatccaaattaacaccctttcatt
>DROOTUA  4413 Real 6. site
cctgataacaccgccgaggttgctccaaccgccgccaccgccaccgatattctaccacaaggcgggaccaccacagctagggggagcagctcaaggacaggtaggagtgatacatgcactaacaaattcaaaatattctataggcaatcgacactcgaccatttttagactccctacgcctggggcatgccagctccggt
>AF068257  876 Real 1. site
tacaagttcgaggccgagtgtctgatcactcaggttaactattcggccaaaaagtgtcagatgctgctgttcatcaaccagcgactggtggagtccacaggtttgtgagtctaaacatcttctcattcagaaaacgaatccaatatatatcccctagctctcaggacctccgtggactcgatttatgccacatacctgcc
>AF079459  547 Real 1. site
gtatgtaaacaaacgcttctccaaccaatacaaagccacgatcggagctgatttctgcacgaaagaggtggtggtcaacgaccgagtggtcacaatgcaggtaagcactatgaacttccagtaatcctatttcagtgacataactcgcaaaatttcaataacagatctgggacactgctggtcaggaacgcttccagtcg
>AF079459  968 Real 2. site
gaacgatataccctactacgaaacgtccgccaaggagggcatcaacgtggagatggcgtttcaagttatagccaagaatgcgttagagttggaggcggaggtaagaaatcctatttaaatattgttttccatactaaatcgaactttgtactttcacacaggctgaagttatcaacgatttccccgatcagattaccttg
>DMCALRET  721 Real 1. site
gggatcgttcacatgatgtggtgcaaaacagtgatagtgttgctggcgacagtcggctttattagtgccgaggtttatctgaaggagaatttcgacaacggtaagtggtagtcatcgcgttctatggccgccatgtggtcctccgctccccttcaatgaataacgaaaggagagacaataaaaatagaagaataataaaa
>DMCALRET  950 Real 2. site
tgggaggatacgtggatctacagcaaacatcctggcaaggagttcggaaaattcgtcctcacccccggtaccttctacaacgatgctgaggccgacaaaggtagcgtatatgtgtcgatgtgtcgtcactcccttttccaaatctttctcttcgctcgttctgccatttttatttttcgtcggcgtgttatctgcatttg
>DMCALRET  1689 Real 3. site
gaaggtggagtccggcaacctggaggacgactgggacttcctggcccccaagaagatcaaggatcccaccgccaccaagcccgaagactgggacgatagggtaagttgtaaatccccgcccaaatcagactttagcccatcgaaaaaccggtttggctcattgttattaaacaacaacgtaaatctctgtaggccaccat
>DMPER  4036 Real 1. site
gaggctccggaggaggcgcgaccggacaactacatggtctccaatggcaccaacatgctgctcgtcatctgcgccactccgatcaagagcagctacaagggtgagtatctgtgcccgttttggtttcatccagccatctaaccatcgatctctgccccccccagttcccgacgagattctctcacagaagagccccaagt
>DMPER  4457 Real 2. site
aacggttgctacgtccttctggagaccgaatggaccagcttcgtcaatccatggtcccgcaagctggaatttgtcgtcggacaccatcgcgtctttcagggtgagttcgcgtgccgacccagtgatccaatgatcctctaaacaggtcatttcaccttccaggacccaagcagtgcaacgtcttcgaggcggcgcccaca
>DMPER  5224 Real 3. site
actggtacaggtacaggtactggaactggaactggaaccgggacaggaactggaaccgggacaggaactggaaccgggacaggaactggaacgggcacaggtacaggcacaggcacaggcactggaacaggcaatggaacaaattccggcaccggaaccggcaccgccagctcatccaaaggcggaacgccgccataccg
>DMPER  6251 Real 4. site
gatgtaccagccgatgccctttccgggaatggccaacgctctccagattcccgaacgtccgttgggctcccaatccgcgtacaacaagtcggtgtacacggtaagtcagtggccggtggtgcctcaccgaactgtcttaactccaactccaactccatactcgtccatagaccacgccggcgtccatgacgaagaaggtg
>DMPER  6558 Real 5. site
ctgcaagaaggaggtgccggactcctcgcccattccctccgtgatgggcgactacaactccgacccgccctgcagcagcagcaatcccgccaacaacaaggtatgctatacgaatgaggtccattggtgattggtcattatgaagaacatggtctcatccacagaaatacacggacagcaatgggaatagcgacgacatg
>DMPER  6763 Real 6. site
ctccagcttctcctccttctactcgtccttcatcaagaccacggacggatcggagagtccgccggacaccgaaaaggaccccaagcaccgaaagctgaaggtacgtacagttcagtccacgatgcgattcaaagtaagccatttccgttcttttgcagagcatgagcacatctgagagcaagatcatggagcacccggag
>DMFBP1  1582 Real 1. site
acaatcaagatgaacagaatcatgctgttggtggcctttgcggccggcgttgtggctgctggaaggataactacgaatcaggacagggtccagggtattggtaatgtggtaaagcgcaattgaaaggatttatatactatttattttcccttttcgcagaccgcatgtccttggaggatctgcagctccaaaagtttatc
>DRODHORO  1183 Real 1. site
attatacttttaatactctatcgggtacaatcgatatccggcgatagtcgtcatggatcaggatcacttaaagaatgctaaaaacgccacgcggagagttgtgagtaaagtacggcttaaacgggaccggattacagaatgattccgcccacagggtcgtttgcggtcgctgggaatcgttacagtcggaggagctgcct
>DMLETHAL2  2397 Real 1. site
ccagactcttctgcccccataagcctagtgccgctaaacaatttgcagcaatcccagcatcctttggtgcttgttcagaatgagaaaggcgattaccagggtaagttacctcatcgctgtgttagacctatctaaccctgttccaattgcaggcttcaatatcttccagggcagcaagccccttgatccggtcaccgttg
>DMU07799  388 Real 1. site
tcatcattcattttccagtcgttctccattcgccaattggaccttgtcgctaaactttccaataaaccagactgcaaagatgtctgctaccgagggcaaggtgagtgcagcaactggaattttaattagcagaaacacacccaggctgtcaatcaacaatcaatcacaggttatcacatgcaaggccgccgtcgcttggg
>DMU07799  547 Real 2. site
tcaatcacaggttatcacatgcaaggccgccgtcgcttgggaggcaaagaagccgctggtcatcgaggatatcgaggtggcgccgcccaaggctcatgaggttagttcagttcggaatgtgtcaaatgtgacagatttaactaattaccattatggcatgacttcaaaaggtgcgcatcaagatcacggccacgggcgtc
>DROOSKAR  746 Real 1. site
tatatatccgtgcgcgaggaatatcccgatatagatagtgaggtgcgcgccatattgctgagccacgcccagaatggaatcacgatatcgagcatcaagagtgagtagctttatgtttgaaagctttcttctttccagaagtttcgacttcatcaaacacttcagaactttctctaagtggctatatttagttagaaatc
>DROOSKAR  1412 Real 2. site
aaaagaccaaggatatcgccaccaggccggtttcgctgcatcaaatggccaatgaggcagcggagtcgaactggtgctaccaggataattggaagcatctgtgagtactgaaaaggtgttttgtagacagtgcaactatagcaaaaataaacctttacttaacaaaatgtactaatctttctactgaactcctagcaaca
>DROOSKAR  2272 Real 3. site
acaagtttatccgaagcgaatgctgtcacctaaaggtcatcgacatacactcctgtctaatcaacgaaaggggcgtggtgcgatttgattgctttcaggcgtaagactttataccatataccatatcatatgagtttacgatttgtgccacttttcagctcaccacgccaagtcaccggttccaaggaaccctatctgtt
>DMBTDGN  783 Real 1. site
cagcagcagctgcggcggcagcagcggaccttggagcagcggcggtcgccagtgccgcctacggctggaataccgcctactccggattggggccagcgaggtaaatatccctatatataggatttacagaagttgagttgggaatcattcgtaagaaagaaactttaaaatgctagtgatcaataaatcaaagcttatag
>DMU18401  110 Real 1. site
ggcttcacctgagtgctgtagtaaatcaggctattttaattttgacatctcttcgaaaatggatgcgggaaattgtgcctcgtcggcctgccttggagatgtaagctcataatcccccaaactattcataattatcaacgaaagtcgttgtgtgtgtgcagtgcaaaggcgacggaaagacggccattaaggaagaaggc
>DMU18401  428 Real 2. site
cggtgagcaaccattctaggggctttggcttcgtcacctatgtggatcccaagtccgtggaaattgtccaaagggcacgtccccacaccattgataataagtgagtagttctctaataatctttcgctgccctaattctataaaaagttgattaattaatttagaattgtggagaccaagcacgcactgccacgtcaaga
>DMU18401  776 Real 3. site
gtggccagcgtgaaattgctcatggacagggagaccggacgtcagcgggcatttggcttcctcgagttcgtggatccatccagtgccgagaaggcattgggtaagtttccatgtttctcatttattgaaagtcatcgtgcatttttttcaactacctttaagtatgatatagattaaaatctgatgataacgctgcttgc
>DMU18401  1584 Real 4. site
aagtggcccacccaggactataaggtcttcaagccagctaaatctccgaccaacggagtgattccgaagatcggcaaagaggctacaacaccaccctacggttcatttttttccttaaaatttaatttaaatttaaatttaatttaagaaagagaaaagaatctaaagtatctttttattcttgcaggtatctaagtggc
>DMU63857  13474 Real 1. site
tacgccgagatcatgggccacgagctcgactcggtcaacatccccaagccgggtctgctgaccaagtcggccaacacagtgcgaagttttacacacaaaggtgagtctccttttcaaatgtttaaaaccagaactagaaaaccggaagcggatatagaaaaactttgcattctaatggtattacttttaatacagcgagt
>DMU64721  278 Real 1. site
gtgaacaccttctcgccggagggccgcctcttccaagtggaatatgccattgaggccatcaaattgggctccacagcaattggaatttgcacgccagaaggtatgttctttgctggcataagtacacgcggagatctaatggtaaaattgcattccaggagtggttttggcggtggagaagcgcatcacttcgccgctaa
>DROSO7LESA  1932 Real 1. site
ggccgaggccgaggagttcgatgtgtacaagaagtacgcctacgacgttacctcgcaggcctcacgggatgctctcaacaatctcctgtctaagccaggggtaagtattgataccttctgtgcgaagaattctactaaaatccctgcttttaggcctcatctctgaccacagccggccatggcttccgcgatgcggtcaa
>DROSO7LESA  2343 Real 2. site
cgccgccagctggcaatcgagcggacacgggagctccaaatgaaggtggagcactgggaggacaaggacgtgggccagaattgcaatgaatttattcgcggtaagtgctggcaacgaaagttacttgcatcctccaactaaaatggtatttcaaatttacagaggattcgctgagcaaacttggatcgggaaaacgaatc
>DROSO7LESA  3328 Real 3. site
tcccatgttgctggagaagctgctgaactttctggagcacgtgaatggcaaatcgatgcgcaagtgggtggattccgtgcttaagattgttcagagaaaggtgagtagttggtcaacagcataatgtggaagtatcgttatcatttttcaaatattatttacagaacgagcaggagaaaagcaataaaaagattgtatac
>DROSO7LESA  4241 Real 4. site
ggatccgtttaacggactgtccgacaaacagatgtccgactatctctataacgaaagcctgcgcattgagccaaggggctgcaagacagtgccgaaattcgtaagtataatgcttcaaagtttacaagtcatataggaaatttaaccattttcctttcgtagcctcgaaaatggccgcacattccgctcaaatcgccggg
>DROSO7LESA  5194 Real 5. site
gtaccgagcagtgccgcctccactgccacccagacgcaaggagcgcactgagagctgtgcggacatggcgcaaaagcgtcaggcgccagacgcacccacagtaagtagcctcacttacttctaatttgtagtagcagatgacagcaatcattttacgtatccttgcagttacccccgcgtgatggcgaactcagtccgcc
>DROSO7LESA  5896 Real 6. site
tcgtcccccaaggagttctttccgattgccacgagcctcgagggcacacccaaacttccaccaaaacctagtctaagcgctaacttctataacaatccaggtgagtgctaccaactcggcccgtgataacgtgtttcctaacccaaccatcctatccgtttgcagataaaggtacgatgtttctttacccaagtacaaac
>DMMGN  571 Real 1. site
ccagtccgtgatggaagaactgaagcgaatcatcatcgactcggagatcatgcaggaggacgatctgccctggccgccaccagatcgcgtgggtcgacaggtcggtttgccgcactccgtaactagagctcaactaaacaaccatgtgtctttttcaggaactggagatcgtcatcggagacgagcacatctcgttcacc
>DMU15928  2329 Real 1. site
atacgcgccatcgccatgaagttgggcgttcaaaacccagacgatctccacacggaacgtttcaaggtggatcgacagaaattggagcagttaataaaaggtaatgcctttatatataaaaataatagattccttattatacattgccttttttctgatagcggagagctccattgagggaatgaatggagctgaatatt
>DMU15928  2440 Real 2. site
atatataaaaataatagattccttattatacattgccttttttctgatagcggagagctccattgagggaatgaatggagctgaatattttttccatgacgtgagacatatttttaagttttgggcacctattagcttcacactttcttttgtctcattttgagacccagaatgccatgccttataaatattgaacatat
>DMU15928  2826 Real 3. site
ccatatatccaaaacatattcttttactagatcatgaacactacggatacttatgtgagctggccttgcagactcaaaattggtgccaagagcaagaagggtaggatattgaaatattttcaatgttcaagagtatttttcaaataaatccataatttaaagatccccatgtgcgaattgtgggaaaggtggatcaggtt
>DMU15928  2968 Real 4. site
aataaatccataatttaaagatccccatgtgcgaattgtgggaaaggtggatcaggttcagcgggcaaaggagcgcatccttagcagtcttgactccagggtgagtgagccaaagcataatacaaacttatctgttttaattgttacccatttttctccgaacagggcactcgagtgatcatgaaaatggacgtcagcta
>DMU15928  3360 Real 5. site
gctcatctccttcgagatgcccgtaatgggacccaacaagccgcagcccgaccacgagactccctacatcaagatgatcgagaccaagttcaatgttcaggtgagttccagatgtcgagtcaactaagtgtaagattataaattaattataaattaatcatggcatgttaccaaatattatttgcatttgactataatgg
>DMU15928  3931 Real 6. site
gcatacctcgctggttttggtcaagggatccgagaaggaatcggcgcaggtccgagatgccacgcagctgctgatcaacttcgcctgtgagagcattgcggtaggttcgagaaggtataactcaaaataaggctcatcagcgaatcctttttcctttttagagccaaatcctggtgaatgtccagatggagatctcgccg
>DMU15928  4374 Real 7. site
atgagcctcaacaccaagtacggcgtttacatcacgttgcgccagaaacagcggcagagcaccctggccattgtggtcaagggagtggagaagtttataggtaagatctctaaagcaatgtgtaaagtgtatgattttcgttgattctgcattaatatacgattgcactttccattattgtttgatttttatcccatatt
>DMU15928  5695 Real 8. site
ggactcctggacgccactccagtcaaccgacggatgcagctagccaagcacaaggacatccagactctgctcaccagtttgggtctggagcactacatcagtgagtagctccgccgatcatgtccgtttttaccaactgtgtactagaagtcttttataaagctatcatatatgtctggcttgaactggagagtgtttta
>DROLAMB2A  4619 Real 1. site
tgcccagcgtccccccatcaactccgccggaggtcacgaactgcgcggaaccaccttcatgccggccctggagtgctacgatccatacggcaggccacaggtaagggactagcactcggagccactgtttaccctcattgtttgtccacaaaccaattgagaagaattgagaattagtggtcgggcattcagcttttggg
>DROLAMB2A  5090 Real 2. site
aactgcaaattgagtcaactaatacctgtggtgagcagaatgacaaccacttctgcatacaaaccatgaaccaaaatcacaaaaactgcgaattttgcaagttagtaaagaaaaagtcctacaattccttcataaataattaatttaaaaaatttgtttatagatacaatgatcataatccatccttcttgacggatttg
>DROLAMB2A  5281 Real 3. site
acggatttgcatgatccgcaaagtccaacgtggtggcaatcggagaccatgttcgagggcattcagcacccgaactatgtgaatctgactttgcaccttggtaagcataatagatgatgagtttaaaaacaatattttcaatatgtgtacatcttctgaaacccaggaaaatcctatgacatcacctacgtgcgcattct
>DROLAMB2A  5962 Real 4. site
cggcacaatacggatggacccgattgcgatcgctgtctgccactctacaacgacctcaagtggaagagatccacctcaacggaggtcaacgagtgcaaaggtgggtgcaatcaacttaaatattagagtaaagttatagttccttccacttctatgcattctcatatgaatatttgaatgaaactaaatttttctaaaaa
>DROLAMB2A  6890 Real 5. site
gatgcgacagtgggggatcccatcagaatacacccgcctgcgataccgagactggaatctgcttctgcaaggagaatgtggagggcagacgctgcaatgagtgagttaatctgcagtagacaatcccagcttaatatctctgctaaacttttgatttctgtcatagatgcaagccaggcttcttcaatctggacaagaac
>DROLAMB2A  9542 Real 6. site
atgagctactcaagcagataactgaattgtccaacagcaacggcgaactctttgcggatttcgaaacggaacaggaactgacggaggcgctgcttaagaggtgggtgctccacgccttatccttattaactcttttctaacttgatctataatttcagagctgaacagcagcaactggaggacatcgagctgctagagcg
>DROLAMB2A  9937 Real 7. site
ccaggcggaggaggctctcgatggagccaataagaatgccaacgaggccaagaagaatgcccaggaggcgcagctgaagtatgccgaacaggcttccaaggtaagtcattcagggacatcttattatccttactaaattcgtaaaatttcttgacaggatgctgagctgatccgccgcaaagccaatgagaccaaggtgg
>DROLAMB2A  10295 Real 8. site
gcccagaagcagatcgagaaggccaatgccgacctgacggccatcaaggatgagctggagaatctgaaggacatcaacacgggcgatttggatagattgggtaagaaacagaaacctctctaatctgaatttacttatgagtaatctaattaatctagcagagaatcgtttggccactgtggagggtgagatcaatcgcg
>DMELGG  631 Real 1. site
gttaatataggcagttatttgcgattttaagccgcgatgaacagcagcaatgacttgtcggacgagctaatacgccgcctcagcgttggcggtgccctaggtaagtggaatgatgccatttcccaattgggacgcacctgttgttacaccgaattattaattgtaaacaatttgcagaagaagtgattgccagtgaaatg
>DMELGG  823 Real 2. site
gtgaaatgttcgaggatagcatcgatgtggagacggaggcggagccggacgacatcatcatcgtgcacatggacatccgggagccgctcagcatgctcaagtgagtctggcgaagactggcccccattagtcatgcaaataaccctcatttctgcccacagatcacttgttgagcaaaagataggagtgtgcctgaatta
>DMELGG  954 Real 3. site
catgcaaataaccctcatttctgcccacagatcacttgttgagcaaaagataggagtgtgcctgaattactacaccttttggctgcaggacgcgcaggaggtgagtctatctgcggcgtaataaaatgattacctaagcccccactctcctgcagctggaatcgcacaagaatctcgtggaccaatgcgtcaagggagaa
>DMELGG  1724 Real 4. site
atcatgtcggccaattccatatcgaccaattcagggggcagcctttcgcttgaacagcggattatgcggaaatcctatcagtcagtcaagagctccgattgtaagtagacgtgaatgttacaccaaagcatgagctaacaatatctacttcgttcacagccgttgaaagtactacgtcatccatgaatccatcaaactac
>DMSWAL  2123 Real 1. site
gcggatggggatgtggccaacaagagcgccaagacatgcgtaagcgatcccgtgggtcgtgatcaggaggatgaggacgactatgatgaggatgtcgatggtaagaagtgttcgctctctctctacacttgcttaactacaatgggagaaatattcccatcaaacatatctcatatatgtataattttggtacttccatg
>DMSWAL  3144 Real 2. site
gcccgagtggcccagaatcccgtccaggtccaacgcgcgattcatccacaatctttggactttagcagcgttagcaccgaagctgatggcagcggtagtggtaagcaatcgcaatgctattttattagatctgtagattatttcgaataagattgactaacatggatttttgttggtttctattcaaggcgaacatcgtg
>DMDTFIIAS  782 Real 1. site
ctgttccgtcggaattaaggcagccactatgtcgtatcaactgtaccgcaacaccacgctcggcaacaccctgcaggagagcctcgacgagctgattcaggtgagttcgcgctggcgaagtgaaacgcattgtaattttgggcttccatattgcagtacggccagattacgcccggactggctttcaaggttctgctgca
>DMKA12ADH  939 Real 1. site
catgtcgtttactttgaccaacaagaacgtgattttcgttgccggtctgggaggcattggtctggacaccagcaaggagctgctcaagcgcgatctgaaggtaactatgcgatgcccacaggctccatgcagcgatggaggttaatcttgtgtattcaatcctagaacctggtgatcctcgaccgcattgagaacccggc
>DMKA12ADH  1409 Real 2. site
ctgcaacattggatccgtcactggattcaatgccatctaccaggtgcccgtctactccggcaccaaggccgccgtggtcaacttcaccagctccctggcggtaagttgatcaaaggaaacgcaaagttttcaagaaaaaacaaaactaatttgatttataacacctttagaaactggcccccattaccggcgtgacggct
>DRORBP1A  1023 Real 1. site
gcggcactaggattcgcgtagagatgtcttcgggtcgctcgcgcgatcgccggcgcggagaaggcggcagtagtggtcgctctggttccggacgctacaggtaattccacgacaaaaaaactgtacttctcatgttacttggctcaatgtgtctcccaaatggaacaatggatcacttgactccaaaaattgggtacttt
>DROPOLA  1061 Real 1. site
tcatcctccatccctggtcacaaaacaatttttgcaaactgcagcacaacacggggaaattattatcaaagttagccagttgcaatgtctgaatcaccgtgtaagttaataagataactcccttaaacatattttttaccgaaattataaatttccagctgaaccgcgcgctaagcgccagagagtagacaaaaatggta
>DROPOLA  1314 Real 2. site
aaagtggaggaccaggtggacgatgtatacgatgtggttgatgagcgggagtacgcgaagagggcgcaggaaaagtacggtgacgattggatcgaagagggtaaggttggaactctgaactctatactttataatactaaattttaacttttagatggtactggttatgcagaagatcttcgggatttcttcgaggacga
>DROPOLA  2387 Real 3. site
cggccaagtcttcctgttcggtcggaccgcagatggaaagtccgtctgtctgcgtgtacagaacatcaaccgtgtgctctatctgctgccccgacaatttgtgagtattattctacaaatacttagtccttaggtgaagtgttgtttctgaatatattcttttagctcttagatcccatttcgaaggagcccaccaagca
>DROPOLA  5010 Real 4. site
tagtcacgcgaatggtggaggtgctggagggaaccgatgcgagtcgcatcgccgagtgtctgggcatggacccaaccaagttccgtcagaatgcgcagaggtacttactatcttattactccttacaaactctaacctaacgaatattttggttatgtagaacccagcgagagaacaccgagcagtcggagggtgagtcc
>DROPOLA  5535 Real 5. site
gcggcagctgctggtcagtatacggagcgggacctgtacaatcagctgtgctacctgcgattcatgttcgacctcggcaagcaaacgctgcagcaaaaacgtaagtaaatacaatgtagttataagcagtatcaaaaactaaaacaatagtttgtgtataagaacaaaatgaagaatgtggagtacgagagagaaatatc
>DMU27181  276 Real 1. site
tagaggagtatttgaagcgtaagaacatggtcctcctcgactacgaaaagcaaatgtttctcgatttggtcgaggccgatggtctgctggtttgcgccaagtaagtcgtgtgtgctattctatagtcagtctaaccagatattgaataccataggggcctgagctacgaccgcgttgtaatcagcatcctcaaggcctac
>DMU27181  492 Real 2. site
ttgtgcttgtgatcaacagttctgactgggaggagcagtattacaagtccaaaatcgaacccaaatatgtccacgaaggtgccagcacggccaccgaaaggtaagcgctcgcaattccaaaaaaatatacatataaaacttcgtccgtttatccatccgactattctgatagagagcgcgtttatctggaaggcgggctg
>DMU27181  1161 Real 3. site
acaagatcctgcaggcgcagctggattgcatctggcatcagcttaattctcaaacaaagttgatagtagcggatcttaagattctgcgcacgttaatgatgtacgtatacaacttgcacttcctatttgatttgatatttgatattggctaattatgatagctccaccatgtaccatgatgctgtgagcgcctatgcctt
>DMU27181  1377 Real 4. site
agcacggagtacgcgttgagcaactcaggatggactttactggacgccgccgaacagatctttaaactatccaggcagcgtgttttcaatggccagcagggtaggcaaatcccaataaacattaagcattggcccttcttaaatgatatgtattaattgtatagagttcgaaccggaaccctgtcccaaatggcaaactc
>DMU27181  2268 Real 5. site
gtatttcctgatccatgcacgcacagtggaggagcaagcctatctgaccagtttgcgtcgagaaaaggcagccttcgagttcattatcgacactaaaagtgtaaggttttcaaagtatgttttcctttaacttggtatcaatatttttgtcgctaccatccaacagaaaatggtgattccaaagtaccaggatggaaaga
>DROEDG91A  1141 Real 1. site
tgaagcggcggtataaaagcggtgggcacttcacaacttgcaatttagtttcatccaagaagcgctcgttatcgcaatggctctggttcgcgtgagttgtgtaagtccggctgctatttccgctccgattgggatgcactgaatcgatttggttaccttgcagatgctggcccttttgctgattgccggtcaaggtcagg
>DMMSL3  163 Real 1. site
gacggagctaagggacgagacaccgctctttcacaagggcgagatagtcctttgctacgagccggataaatcgaaggcccgtgttctttacaccagcaaggtaaatacacatgcacacacacacacacgcgcgcttgaaatgtcaagcaaacgtcgtaggcgaagttttcacaaatgatttccgtttcccgcaattttcc
>DMTORSO  1049 Real 1. site
caatcaaggtgaaatgttgctaatggacaaaatctctcacgataagacgcttctcaacgtcaccgcttgcacccagaattgtctggaaaagggccagatggtatgtttacacccttagaatgttggaacactccataaccaaaagtggatgcttcttttctcgacaggatttccgaagctgtttaaaggactgcaggatt
>DMTORSO  1347 Real 2. site
ggtgcagcacagcaggggaaccgagccggctccaaatgccacctacataatccgggtggatgctgtcaaggacgacaacaaagaaaccacgctttacctggtcagatattagatgtaaactcattactatttactttaaaataccattttatttgatgaatttctagaaaaagatgtactatgtagtcatcaagacctaa
>DMTORSO  1737 Real 3. site
cagcccagcaaaatgggagcggtgaatctgctgcggtttgtcccccaaccagacgacctgcatcacattgctgccgaaatcgagtggaagccatcggcgggtaagtagctccatcagtttaatcaatcaacgatctacgaaccctactttcatattccagagagcaactgctatttcgacatggtgtcgtattcaaccaa
>DMTORSO  1880 Real 4. site
ctactttcatattccagagagcaactgctatttcgacatggtgtcgtattcaaccaacagcgtgaatatggacgagccactggaggtgcagttccgggatgtgagtatgccatgacgcccctgcaatgctagagcatagctaatcttttactgcagcgcaaaaagctgtacaggcacacggtggacaacttggagtttga
>DMTORSO  2105 Real 5. site
acggtgaacataatgaatcgactggagagcgatctgcagtggctgccaatcgctgttccaagctgcttggattggtatccctataactacacactctgccgtaggttcctcgaaagtcctatataataataatattaataataataatattgttccaccctttcatagcaccccataagccagagaatcttactgtgacc
>DMTORSO  2479 Real 6. site
ggttcccatttcgaagtacatttggtggcccagtcggcaggcggaaaaaacgtatccggtttgacgttggacaaggttcctcgaggtgtgttgctgagcggtacgtacgctgaaggaaattaaatatttagacatccatttccatccattgaacagagggcaacatggtcaagttggtactctttattatcgtgccaata
>DMTORSO  2871 Real 7. site
cactcggtgctccttcaggatgtcctcggcgaaggagcctttggcttggtgcgacgtggagtttacaagaaacgccaagtggccgtcaagttgctgaaaggttgtaccatttggtattgaagtccttgaataattcatggaatttttgttctcacagatgaaccaaacgacgaggacgtatatgcgttcaagtgcgaaat
>DMTORSO  3100 Real 8. site
caaatattgtgggtatcgtgggatactccactcgttttagcaaccagatgatgttgctaattgaatactgcagccttggaagcctgcagaactttttacggtaagttatttttatacatattggaaaacaagtgatgtatagtaaaaaatgtattacttagtgaggagtggaagttcaggcaggagcaaaatgcaattgg
>DMTORSO  3660 Real 9. site
ggaatactttgattgccttgactcatcggataccaagccccgaataccactgaaatatgcagatttgctagacatcgcccaacaggtggcggtgggaatggtagcctacatctaatctatccctaaatgtaattaaaaagtgtaacatgtatcatttgccattttaggaatttctggcccaaaacaaagtagtgcatagg
>DMTORSO  3822 Real 10. site
tttaggaatttctggcccaaaacaaagtagtgcatagggatctggctgcccggaatgttctaatctccgtagatcgcagcatcaagatagcagattttgggtgggtatctctgaaagttcaatgattagttatattgtgttttttttttttaaggctgagtcgagatgtgtatcatgagaacgtgtaccgaaagtccgga
>DMTORSO  3999 Real 11. site
agaacgtgtaccgaaagtccggaggaagtggcaagctgcccatcaagtggctcgcgctggagtccctcacccaccaggtgtacaccagtcagagcgatgtgtaagtatatatttttgttaagtccgaagcgattttgtggctgatatcttaccctcttagttggtcctttggtgtgctgctctatgagatcaccactctc
>DMTORSO  4197 Real 12. site
tcggtggaatgccatatccgtcggtgtctcccagtgatctcttgcagctactgcgacaaggtcatcggatgaagcgaccggagggatgtacgcaagaaatgtgggtatcagtgcttagcgaagtacataattgttgatcacatttgcttaactcaggttttccctgatggaaagctgctggagctccgtgccatcacaca
>DMTORSO  4427 Real 13. site
ttggtggcatgattttggccactaacgatgttccagaaaggctgaaacaactgcaagctgcaaccgagtcaaaattaaagtcatgtgacggtctaaacaggtaagtaatctttaaaaagacaattgtatacgttactttcttaccttttacaatttagtaaagtggagcaagtgccatgcgaggaagagctatacctaga
>DMMTNG  519 Real 1. site
aactaaaggcctaaatagcccatacctaccttttttgtaaacaagtgaacaagttcgaggaaatacaactcaatcaagatgccttgcccatgcggaagcggtaagttcgcagtctggtgtgatcctttaggatatcacagatctttcagagaaatggtattatactagtataaaaattcaatggtgattcaatagtataa
>DMRAD54  709 Real 1. site
cccagcgttccacttaccagtatttcttatcgcctgtgtgaccagacttccgcgcttctatcagctgttcgcgctaccgccatttgaatttaatgaaatggtaaatacaaaaatttgatttatttaattccatttccctaatcatttattcctaaagcggcgcagtctggctcccagccaacgtggaccactgcgtcccg
>DMRAD54  2081 Real 2. site
gttaagtttgaaatggttatctgtgcgaaactgacggcgattcaactcgagctatacacgaatttcttgaagtctgatcaagttcgacgtagtttggcgggtaagtcattaggcaatactaccacaacattcctaccatctacaattctcttcaagactgcaatgaaaaggcttcgcttacggcgctggcagacattaca
>DMRAD54  2291 Real 3. site
agatttgcagtcatccggatctcatatatgagaagctcactgcgcgggaaaagggattcgaaaactcccaaaatgtgctgcctagtaattacaaaccaaagtacgttgcctgttgcgcgcgaatagcaatggctattaatgaatcttttgtgttccagggatctcaatccagagctaagtggcaagttcatgctcctgga
>DMRAD54  2755 Real 4. site
gtttgacccagactggaatccggccaacgatgagcaggcaatggccagagtgtggcgtgacgggcaaaagaagccctgttacatatatcgccttgttgccgtgagtacctgaattagttctgcacggaacattcttgttcaactcaagtaatctctttcagagtggttcgatcgaggaaaagatcctgcagcgacagacg
>DMRAD54  2980 Real 5. site
tcattgacaacaacgagtcggccgagaagcatttcacccgcgacgatctgaaggacttgtttacatttgatgcgaacattctgtccgacacacacgacaagtaagaactggctttggataccctttagatcatgatcgtgtaacatatcttttcaggctcaagtgtaagcgctgcgttcaaaatatacaaatgaagccac
>DMCSDUC  2139 Real 1. site
aacaaacaaagcaaaatgtcttctgaagtgagcagcgacaaccccatctatggccccttcttcggagttatgggagccgcctccgccatcatcttctcgggtaagtttaaatctgactagaataaaggatgccatgcccgtgctgtgaaaaatcgaacatttgtgtggcgtaaagggtagaagaagaagaggaaatgcgg
>DMCSDUC  6448 Real 2. site
ttcctgtggtcatggcgggtatcattgccatttacggtctggtggtggctgtgcttattgccggcgcgctggaagagccatcaaagtactcactatacaggtaattattgattgtctacctcgtacgattcaacttactaactatgtcaatgtccaggggcttcattcacttgggagccggtctggcggtgggcttctct
>DMSTELL  397 Real 1. site
gccttttagcacgtgtcaaaaactcaaagaagaagacgatgactttgaagtctacaagtcatatttctgtgatcaagtgaactggcaacatgtcgagctcgtaagtaactaggtttttcctatagaaattatagcaagtcacagtaaaatcttgtagccagaacaacaacagcagctggatcgattggttcctcgggatc
>DMSTELL  955 Real 2. site
agtctgatacacagctggacggagcgatgttcgggcccagcttcccggacatcttcttctcgctgctgccgaacttgacatcgcccctggacgacccacggtaagtaattctccgaatatagtcctggttgttttctaaacaaagcgcttgcacttgcagtacctaggctttcggttgcaccaaagagctttgatgcaac
>AF045787  1116 Real 1. site
gaagaaaatgggtcaaatgatgggacacattgatgtgatgatcaatggcgagggtgtcctgctcgacaaagatgtggagactacgatgggcatgaatttggtaaggaatagataattaaattattgattgttatctcaacttctagttcctttcctcagactggcatgatccagtcgacgatgatggccatgccctacat
>DMRPS3  576 Real 1. site
gtgtctcgcgcgggcacactggcctctttcttttctgcgcaccacgtttcgattcgacgtcaaaatgaatgcgaaccttccgatttccaagaaacgcaaggtaattggggaaaaatgagacaggattacctccggcatgtaatgcagtgtccgtacgttcgttgtttcatcggagttgtgtgaaaaacccggccggaaag
>DMDNAJLP  208 Real 1. site
tttaaaattatgctttctccgacagatcagcacaaataatactaataaagctcacaatgctaaggttgtgccttccaactcgagctggatatgtgcgtaagtaaggactttacggctataaaacttgttatgtaaagtaaatgaaagcctattgcgcagtttctcgaacgacaaaccaagaaaacccgaaacacactatg
>DMDNAJLP  378 Real 2. site
acaaaccaagaaaacccgaaacacactatgaagttttgaatattcgcaatgattgcagcacccgtgaagtccgtaatgcctttgtccagctctccaaattgtaagtaactccaagattccgaaaggagcctcctaaaccctgccctttccacaggtaccacccagatgttaagagcaatgctgcgtgtccggagcgcaca
>DMDNAJLP  762 Real 3. site
atggcatccgtggtctgaagagggtctccaactggcaggtggccgtggttctgatggccctaggcttcgtcggcgcactctttggcttcacctccgtcaggttaatgattatgaaccagagaacccaagtagtcacactgaactttcaccatcccaacaggtcgtcctttaaactgagtcgccagatccaggacgaaatc
>DMBOSS  478 Real 1. site
caacggacattttttgtatttaattgtaaaacctttaaaactttagaaatgaaggtcatggacgctttgcaatctggacggagaaagccattaccagtgggtgagtgctgagtaaatgtcgtaaggcagaagtgaagtgcaatggaatgaatggcaacttgaggggatttctttttccgggaatatttcaagacctgtat
>DMBOSS  1252 Real 2. site
gatgtggtgctcagtgtcttgaccaaggaccccgactccgcgttgttcgtaatcaatcgtgtgaaccaggcgaatcttataatggcagactttgaaattggtttgtaaaattccgctatttatatgcacctaaatcaaatccttcttattgaattccaggaattcgcgccatcagcatcgacaacgccagcttggcagag
>DMBOSS  1761 Real 3. site
gtttacataatgtttggcaataagctagctagtcacttcaaggaaaacggcactctgttttccgtgcccaccgatagaacggacgatgaatttctggcaggtgggtaataactacaacgaacactattactaaagttgtgggttcttttgatttattgtttaagttaaggattaagactgatacattttacttacgaatt
>DMBOSS  3342 Real 4. site
cctcatcgtaaggggtatcgagcggtcggatattgcccaagctctgccttcactcacttcgctggcttttgcccagaacaatcaatactcctcggaacaggtgggttcctagaaaattagcaagaaacttttctgattaactttaaaatctattcttacagagtgtttacgagtgcgtgaatcccgccatgcgccattgt
>DRORPS17  649 Real 1. site
gaggtatgtgcagaaattttgtttctccacgtttttcttaaaaataattgcttatttctcattttagcggtgattaaaatatccatcgagcaacataatggtacgtaccaacgaaaaattggctgaactcgaatcaaaaagcggtcaaacaagcataaaacggcaacgacagccgcttatcccacgtgcatagtgccaat
>DRORPS17  1158 Real 2. site
agtactacactcgcctgacgttggacttccacaccaacaagcgcatctgcgaggaggtggccatcatccccaccaagcccctgcgcaacaagattgccgggtaagtgccgctcaaatctcgttagtgagtggatctataatccccaaattcctttccagctatgtcacccatttgatgggccgtctgcgtcactcccagg
>DMU56393  1477 Real 1. site
ggatcaggatccggggattcggtgaagacgcccggttccgccaagaagcgcaaggccggcaggcccaagaagcaccagcccagcgatagcgagaatgaaggtgagcctatggtagtgcagttagtacgtaaatccccaacatttcatggtctcaattcaattaatggaaatttaagcactgtttgcttccaccaaacttg
>DMFUSED  1014 Real 1. site
cgcggtaagctcgctggtggggcaaggatccttggggtgcgtatacaaggcgacacgcaaggacgacagcaaggtggtggccatcaaagtgatctccaaggtgagtggggcgggccaggtgataaagcaacaagtccatacaactagttcacaccatattcatgttctgcagcgcggaagagccacgaaagagctgaaga
>DMFUSED  2456 Real 2. site
ctgaagcaatttcctacgcaaattctcagcccccgcagcaacagccacaacaacttaaacactcaatgcattccaccaatgaggaaaagctgagcagcgagtaagtggccactgcggcctcatagaatttcttttactaactttcccctttcaataacagcaatactccgccgtgcctgctcccggggtgggatagctgc
>DMFUSED  3091 Real 3. site
tgccacttggtacacctgcagcagcagttcctaacgcagttctgcgatgcggttgccattctggcagcaagcgatctgttcctcaacttcctcacgcacggtaagattacccttagatggtatgagctgactcctgtaaactgttagcccgttcccgttctcccgtagacttcaggcaatcggattcagacgccgcctct
>DMU11718  1237 Real 1. site
cagctccggcaagatggtgtgcacaggggcaaagagtgaggacgactccagactggcagcgagaaagtatgcgcgcatcatccaaaagctcggtttccctgtaagacaagactttacatttcctttctcttcccggcgaatctctaacgctttctctcccgcaggcaaagttcctcgactttaagattcaaaacatggtc
>DMBBBC1  280 Real 1. site
cccagccagcggtgccctgcgccctgtggttcgctgccccaccatccgctaccacaccaagctgcgtgccggccgtggtttcaccctggaggagctgaaggtaagtgaagccgaaaacattacctgaatccattggccactaacaaaatctctgtttacagggtgccggcattggcgccaacttcgccaagaccatcggc
>DMBBBC1  650 Real 2. site
acccgtcctgcccatcaaaaatgagcagcccgccgtggtcgagttccgtgaggtgaccaaggatgagaagaagttcaaggccttcgccacgctgcgcaaggtaagttttttggtttcgtgatccgtcggtagctcgttatacttattcgccgccaaactatatttgcaggctcgcactgatgcccgtttggtcggaatcc
>DME5962  727 Real 1. site
gaatgccgtggacgcctttcgggtcaacgtcatccacgcccgccagcaggtccgctcgccagtgaccaatattgcgaggaccagcttcttccacatcaaggtcggtgaacaaagttcctatgtcacaatcaccaaccctcccacttatcatcaaaactcctttcacagagagcaaacatttggctggcggctgtgaccaa
>DME5962  1234 Real 2. site
ctggacgtattggagtacgtgaacctgctgatgagcccgcagggtcaggttttgtctgcccacgtggccggcaaggtggtaatgaagtcgtatttgtcgggtaagttagcataaataatctagacattattccttttaataatcgccatgttgtaggcatgcccgagtgcaagttcgggattaacgacaagatcgtgatg
>DMBAM  1053 Real 1. site
tgtggaaccggaagagtaaaggctctgcgtccgcggataatattgagaaactgcccataactattgagaaactgcatatgattggtctgcacggcgattggtgagtcttctggagtatattcccaaatatatcacataataaaaagctccttatctaaacaatagcttagagcacaacgccgtgctgcgtttgatgaatc
>DMBAM  1489 Real 2. site
ttgcttaagggtttcgcatcctatttggacaacttcaaactgcttttaaagcccaaaatgcgcaatcgaaacggaaactcggggagcaatgcggacaagtgtaagctgtagatttgcaagcaaccattcagctattcctgcaacgattttattatttacagtccatactcagcgcatggagagattgctaattggtctgc
>DMRPA1A  422 Real 1. site
atagagctaggcacgcccgtctacaatcccttcttcattaagtttgtgcagcgacttctctgcatattctgtttgcactgctacaagctgcagatgaagggtaactaacgacttacttttattatctaattatcagctaacagctgctctattgcagatcacgaatgtgagataattatgttacagctgcgcctaatcga
>DMRPA1A  843 Real 2. site
tgggcaagaagtgcaggcactgtaacaagtctatgcgtttcgtgcgttatatgcatcgtaggctggtattctacgtgactttggcagatattaaagaacggtaagtaggccacttacacaacaccagataatttctaatataacttctcttgtcagcgttggcacgggcgcagaaaccggtggtcagaataaagtgatct
>DMRPA1A  2268 Real 3. site
ttggtctggaaagcagatcttgtccaccattatcatcaacataattcccgagggatacgaaagaattaatctggattcatttgccaagattgctggaaaggtaattacgtttaaagtaaattatataccttttttttatcaacttctgtgactttcagaattggaacgtgtcccgtccacgaccgcccatttgtggcaca
>DMRPA1A  2820 Real 4. site
agaaaatggaagcggcatatgtaaaggattcgaagttccgagtgcttttggatcgtaaatacaaatcactcttggatggctacacaaatgacattaataggtgagttcattcaaaaccgatcaacaggtcatattaacattttttctttttctagtacttgtctgcccagaggtctgattaccaagttcccatcaaacaa
>DMRPA1A  3161 Real 5. site
cttcgaaacctcgcccaagtctggaggttttatcgatggacgttttatgaccggcattcagccgcaggactttttcttccattgcatggctggtcgtgaagtatgtgtgaaataatttccgaaaattttcatcgagtatttattatttacctttataaaattgtagggtctcattgatactgctgtgaaaacatcgcgtt
>DMRPA1A  4155 Real 6. site
acgccgtctatggatatacccataaagcctggtcagcagcatcaagcggaaaagctgcgcataaatctaaattcagtgacgttggcaaaccttttggaatgtgagtgcataaatgtaaattattatacgtatacaatgatgaaaattcccttatatagacgttcacgttagcactggtttgactctggacccggagcgat
>DMRPA1A  4421 Real 7. site
gacccaaacatataatcaaatatatgcaccagaccttttttaaacaactgattccgccgcccatcttgaaggtttcaaatgcttctaggacaacgaaaatgtaagccaactagcgctaggtccctgaatactttaagtaatacatcttctgaatttcagagttgtaatagacgacaaaaaggacgctgataaagatgatg
>DMRNPOL2  2976 Real 1. site
tgtgagatccatccagccatgatcctgggcgtgtgcgcgtccattattcccttccccgatcacaatcagagtccgcgtaacacctatcaaagcgctatgggtaagtttatgagtattcattactgttctacttgaaatactaatccatttataacgtttttttcatcttttataggtaagcaagctatgggcgtttatat
>DMRNPOL2  3986 Real 2. site
cgtgcaaaagatctccaccttccttcaggagtacggctatcatcttcgaggcaatgaggtcatgtacaatggccacactggacgaaagattaatgctcaggtaaattgcttaactttcaacttgcaataatcttaaactaatcagtcccttaactataggtcttcctggggcccacctactatcagcgacttaagcacat
>DMYP3G  2084 Real 1. site
gccaccgagctggagaacgtgccctccctcaacgacatcacctgggagcgtttggagaatcagccgctggagcagggcgccaaggtgatcgagaagatctgtgagtagaaaccgatgttgctggaaatctccagagataacctccttgtgaatcacacctagaccacgttggccaaatcaagcacgatctgacccccagc
>DMYP3G  2529 Real 2. site
gcagcagcagcagctcaagagcagcgactacgactacaccagcagcgaggaggccgctgaccaatggaaatccgccaaggctgccagcggcgatttgatcgtaagttggtcgcattcctatatttcataattaaacgtgtacatatggatatttatgaaattcaaattgcagatcattgacctcggctccaccctgacca
>DMNINAA1  684 Real 1. site
gttttatgtgaccaccgtgggcgccaagtggctggacggaaagcacaccgttttcggcaaggtgctggagggaatggacaccatctatgccattgaggatgtgagtattcaagcaaaccggaacacaatcgtggcttaaacgcatagccaccacacagaaatgtaagaaactttttctgacacatttttcgttccaggta
>DROPRD  563 Real 1. site
aagcttacgcatcttggagctcctccagaaactatgaccgtaaccgcctttgctgccgcaatgcacagacccttcttcaatggatattctacgatgcaaggtgagtgtctatcgatcttatagaacatccagcaaaagtcactttcacaatttacttactaaatatcaaagcctagttgatcatttccatatatctccat
>DMU78088  2430 Real 1. site
aggctgcgcaacgagatccaaacggtgctggaggaacaggaggggcagctaacgtacgaatccatcaaagccatgacctacttgaaccaggtcatctcaggtaggtgttctgtctgaagcacagccccaagagggattgtaactggttttacccaacattgctcttcagaaaccctgaggctctacacactggtgcccca
>DRORPS6X  824 Real 1. site
ttcctctatcggtctttttcaaccctgcgctcgcagccaacagacctccgccgtttctttttttttctgcgttgcgtgcaaacagaccgacaatatgaaggtgtgctaaaaatttgtgataatactgatataaattatatcaatttgtgaaatattgcgaaaatgctaaagcgcaagcattggcgcggtgatcaaacaaa
>DRORPS6X  1264 Real 2. site
gccgatatcctcggtgacgagtggaagggctaccagctgcgcatcgccggcggcaacgacaagcagggattccccatgaagcagggtgtcttgacccacggtaaagtttgcaagtgcaagtttacaattatagtgttagacagcctgcaggtcaacggatcagtcttgtgataatatatctaaaagaacataaccttaat
>DMPGKG  987 Real 1. site
gcacaggaagtatccagaaaatccagaaaaatccaaagatggccttcaataagctgagcatcgaaaacctggacttggcgggcaagcgggtgttgatgcggtaatccaaagccaatcctcgcgtgaaattcagttgcataaacattgcccgtgcttctttgcagcgtcgacttcaatgtgcccatcaaggagggcaagat
>DMPGKG  1996 Real 2. site
ccggaattcccgatggacacatgggtctggatgtgggtcccaagacccgtgagctcttcgcggcacccatcgcacgcgccaagctcatcgtgtggaacgggtaggtgtcacactgaagctacttctccaaatgtcctataatggttttcccattttagaccccccggtgtctttgagttccccaacttcgccaacggcac
>DMDNAMIN  809 Real 1. site
aggtctccacatcgtagagctgtcaacgtgccaaaagtctccaccttcttttcggtgtcaaaaactagactatcaagatgggtcgtatgcacgctcctgggtaaaaatgaaatttttcattgttttcgatgcctgtgtgccaagctgaatgcatgcaaaatgtgtctgccgtgcgggttgaacgaatgaatgtgtttaat
>DMDNAMIN  1162 Real 2. site
tacagacgcactgtcccatcctggctgaaactgaacgcagatgatgtcaaggagcagattaagaagctgggcaagaagggtctgactccctccaaaatcggtgagcactgccgagtatgttgttgtttgaggttatgttaatccggaatccggtttttacaggcatcatcctgcgtgactcgcacggagttgcccaggtg
>DMUROX  1434 Real 1. site
tgcgacttcagctccattgacaacagatcactgcacaatcacgcttttatattcacgcccaccgctcttcactactgcgatgtggttataaggagaacaggttaagtcaaacattacttaagcaataatatttaaaactatttaatcatcaccttctttaatgttttagatcccaaacaaacggtcatcacgggcatcaa
>AF025793  453 Real 1. site
aaatcatcgtcgcattcgacccaaggaattaaactaatttttgcgtttgaattgtttaaattttcacaaagtcttcgctatgagtactattggcactggagtaagtggtcagcgaactacctatctgcagatccctaacgtcaccctctcgcttccagtacgacttgtcggcctcgcagttttccgctgatggccgcgtt
>AF025793  1071 Real 2. site
tcgcctgcgccagcaaggccaagcagctggccaagactgagatggagaagctcaagacggatatgaggaccgacgaattggtggagagcgctggtgaaatgtacggtttacagcaaaaaaaaaagggactgtttcaaaaatcggcgcgctttatcctagttccgagtggaaacttacttgctctgacaataggaagcatt
>DRODSOR1  521 Real 1. site
acaagctgaatctggtgttgccgccggtaaatacggaggcaactgttgccgccgccacagtggcgccgacgccgccattcaaaaccccctcgggcacagagtaaatattatacataatatccttaataactgactggtttttttggcacccattccaataacaccgcatcccccctccctcgctgtttccccttccactc
>DRODSOR1  1796 Real 2. site
caatagcagcggcgagatcaagatctgtgatttcggcgtctccggtcaactgatcgactcgatggccaactcctttgtgggcacccgtagctatatgtcggtaagtaactggatagctaatcaaaatctatacttaagtgtattaaacaacggaaggtcgatgaaatcggcgaaagtatttaaaaaagaacattgcaata
>DRODSOR1  2317 Real 3. site
caagctagagcacaagatcttctccaccgagttcaaggacttcgtggacatctgcctgaagaaacagcccgacgagcgggcagatctcaagaccctgctggtaagcaaacgaaacgtcgccatttcttcagttatatatatattcaagttgttttatgtattcttcggcagagtcatccgtggatacgcaaggcggaatt
>DSAJ2740  533 Real 1. site
gcctgggcggagcacctgcaaaatgtgggcaacctgatggtacggctgcgcggtccggaaaacgagaatctggcctccattgtgctggccaaaacaaagggtaagcatctagataccgaagcggattctcaaattgtttgttagatgattttccttcagggaactggttcatccaagtgcccatcaccaatccagaactg
>DSAJ2740  1037 Real 2. site
tcatcatctccacaaatcccaacgataaggctttgtgccagtacgcggattacgtaaataagctaattaatgataactgcgataagcacatgctaaacaggttagtagaacgcattagattcgtcaattatccaatacaattgttaaattgtttcattagctatgaaaacatgctggaaattccactgcagcctctttgc
>DSAJ2740  1263 Real 3. site
ggtattcgaaactgatcctgtcaaatacaaactctatcaggatgccgtacaagcggccctgttggatcgagtaagcgctgcggaggctaaaacgaaactggtatggtgctcttctccacctataagatacatattaagatttgtatgttcaaacctacagacagttgtaatgctactgggtggaggacgaggtcctttag
>DSAJ2740  1486 Real 4. site
gagttaacgaagcgcaaagttcgcctctacatcatagaaaagaatcccaatgccatccgcaccctctccaacatggttaaaacgctttgggccgataagggtaagaataagaaaaaaaaaaactccttgctttaatccagtcttaatccgcaacaaatctttcagatgttcacattttttcaaaggacatgcgggacttt
>DROPGD  1215 Real 1. site
gacgagctgccgcttaacagtgccatatatagattgtaacattaggagctcaaatcattgttggaacacaaaccacaaagaacacacgaaacatgagcgggtgagtagagggaaattctcttttccccggagttttccgcgatcctaacgtcgcccatttccggatttcttccagacaagcggatattgccctcatcggc
>DROPGD  1514 Real 2. site
gccaatgaggctaaggacaccaaagtgattggagccgactcgctcgaggacatggtctccaagctgaagagcccccggaaggtcatgctgctggtcaagggtgagttgcatatccaaattcagcggctgggtagcgcagagcatcgaaaacccattgaaacctgctgcaagcgatcgctgtgttggtgactcaacttaca
>U00683  2290 Real 1. site
ggcactggcggacgactgcgtgatgtccagggcgtgggcagaggaggcgtgccgatcgccggcaccgctggctactgtgttggcgctcttcacattccaggtgagcattgctttttttttgagtatttagttcctattagtttttattatacatcacgactttcttgtcgtcgcaggttacaaacagccgtacgagcctt
>U00683  4643 Real 2. site
ctccgtgaggagggtgtcaatagtgagcgcgagatgatggcctgcctgctgagggctaacttcgaggtgcacgatgtgaccatgtcggatcttcttcaaggtaaactcaatggtaaattctaataaagggggaagtactaaagcaaataatttaatatttcaggcaccgcaagcgtgtcccaataccgcggactaatttt
>DROMNSO  1164 Real 1. site
gttttatttgatataaaatctgatatcgggacttagccttattagcagtcgaataaaacgcagatatgttcgtggcccgtaaaatttcgcaaactgcaaggtaagttgcgaaaaaaagaatgcccaaatcgatgccggctgattacataaatagcaacaaatggcgaccctgatcttgaggacattataaaacaagacac
>DMAJ4446  5742 Real 1. site
ctgtacaacttttacggatccacggaggtattgggcgatgtcacctactttgcgtgcgagagcaagaagcaactgagtttgtacgataatgtgcccataggtgagccttaatcaggggttctaaaatttccatgtcgtgtataacccttgatctcttatcctgaaggcattccactgtcgaataccgtggtctatttgtt
>DMAJ4446  5976 Real 2. site
attggggagatctttgcttcgggtctcaacttggccgctggttatgttaacggacgcgatccggagaggttcttggagaatcctctagctgtggagaagagtaagttgtccatctgatatcttctgaatacatttcaaaatgcattcaagttagttgttattacttaatccgactttacctctccagaatacgcccgttt
>DMAJ4446  6835 Real 3. site
atgatgcagtgcagctagaggaggaatccttgaatgcttgtccgcatctgaagatggaggcggtgccgctacgcctggagcaccgccaggaagtcatcgagtgagtacttattagccaaagctcgaccggaagtggaattactaatcggtgtgacatccgttttagcattattgtggctagcttctataacaaggccgac
>DMAJ4446  6992 Real 4. site
ccgttttagcattattgtggctagcttctataacaaggccgacctggagcagtggctcaagcccggagttttgagaaccgactacagcgatatactgaacgtgagtaactaaatcttactacttcaactggatacatttccttcattgtaacgccggataggatatctggaatgtgctggtggagcgggacctaagtttc
>DMAJ4446  7229 Real 5. site
cagcgttgaactttgatgcgcgcaacgagcccgaggtggacatcaagtccaagctactcattgtcttcgagtttctggagttttgcgagggtcccatcaggtaagttataaatccttcacgccatgcgccgagtgctcacttggagccttcaacagggataactacctgcccaagggtctcaaccaaatcctgcactcgt
>DMU51045  627 Real 1. site
attttattttttgcgcgataaaagggctttaaatgtttttccactgcaagataaaaagttacgagtgcgcaccgagcatttagtagacaaacatggagaggtgaggtcgcagtagcagtgaatatttcgcagtgatccaagtctttttgtatcctccagcttgcaggtgaacacgaccagcggaccggtgctcggaaaac
>DMU51045  951 Real 2. site
ttgcaccaagcccggccagaagccactccaattcaaccactactccaaacagctggagggcgtcgaggattgcctgtatctgaatgtctacgccaaggaggtatcactgtgggatcgttaagtatagtttccttgggggtaaaggtgatttttgtcgggtgtcattagggattacgtagtcgggttaatgtagtccaaaa
>DMU51045  2256 Real 3. site
ggctctagctcgacatctgggccagcgactccaggagacccactttggcggtaatgatccttctgccatgtcgccagagtccttaaaagcgtactgtgaggtgggatagttcagatctttacttctttcaatttgatagatttcttaacaacttctttcagtacgccagctataaagtgttttggcatcccattcttaaa
>DMANX  105 Real 1. site
cgcaaaaaagtcccaggagaaagactgattcgtgtgaagtcgtctactgaagagccacaaggaacccaaggaatcttccagctgcataatggaatacaaagtgagtggattggattgccaggctagagatgattccattattgcactaatgcctgttattgattcgccacgggcatgcgtcactcgctacacgggaagaa
>DMANX  1147 Real 2. site
cttgtcttcgaggagtacaaggtgctctccgggcagaccatcgagcaggccatcaagcacgagatgtccgacgagctgcacgaggccatgatggccataggtcagtatatatttaactgttccgttataagtaattgttgtaacagacacttggttaaatgacacacttcttaaccttttagttgagtgcgtccagtcac
>DMANX  1411 Real 3. site
gctcatccgcatcatcgtcagccgctcggagatcgacctggagaccattaagcaggagttcgagcggatctacaaccgtacgctgcacagcgccgtggtggtaagtggatctcgaagaatcgcgagtgcttcgcacatggttaacgcacccctttccccttctcttcacgtacttctcggcatttgttgcggtgtttgtg
>DRORPRIIA  1233 Real 1. site
agtatcgctgacgaccaggatgagcacccccacggactcgaaggcgccgttgcgccaggtgaagcgcgtacagttcggcattttgtcccctgatgaaattgtaagtgcggctcacagattcattcgatcgacgccatattgaaaaattgaacaatattgtaaacgcaaaaatagcattccatcaattcgcaattcgtata
>DRORPRIIA  4076 Real 2. site
caagactggtggttcggccaagaaatctctcactgagtacaacaatctaaaggctatggtggtgtctggttccaagggttccaacattaatatatcccaggtaagctactgactagcgattttcattcgaactcatttaatgtgctggcatttttatcttccaggttattgcttgtgtgggtcaacagaacgtggagggt
>DRORPRIIA  6391 Real 3. site
ttcattggcggtggatcgacaccgagcatgacgccaccggaattggacagcgcgtgggctaactgcaacacgccgcgatacttctctccacccggccacggtaagtaaatctatccattatgggtttttgattttactctcgactcagcaacgctatatcttttgttaattaacttttttgatgcgattgcctaatatat
>DMK10G  2097 Real 1. site
cttcgctcagtacaagggccagcgggacaagttcgttagtctctacgaagcggcgcgcgaagagtatctcaagcaggaggcagccactgtcaaggccaaggtgagcatatagagaccccccaacatatccttattcccttggaacaggtgtcccatccgaagctctattcagggaggcacaccgattccgggtacagttt
>DROMEX1A  204 Real 1. site
gtacagtatatctatctataatagaataacccaaaaccgtcatcaccatgtgcaacgctctctgtgaatgcctcaaatgtcccggcaaagtggtttgctggtaagtttccatcggtttctgactcactaatcatcatatacaaatatatactatatatatataaattatatgtgagagctcttgaccagctctggataaa
>DMOHO31  1009 Real 1. site
tttaaagaaaaaacacaaaactcaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatgagtaaggcggattctaactcacgacagggctcctacaaggccaacagcattaacacgcaggtaatgtacacaagatcctccgcagaactgcgttcggaactaacctcactttttgccctaggactcacgcatgcgccgccatgaggtgaccatcgagctg
>DMOHO31  1384 Real 2. site
cccgcaagatgctcagtcgggaacgcaatccacccatcgacctgatgatcggccatggtattgtgcccatttgcatacgcttcctgcagaataccaacaagtgagtagtggctttagaatgttgatgagagcattattgaatatcccctgattcgcgctacagctcaatgctgcagtttgaggccgcttgggcgcttacc
>DMOHO31  2018 Real 3. site
agtgccgcgcctggtcaaactgctgcaaatggacgagccgagcattattgtgcccgccctgcgcagcgttggcaacattgtgactggcacagatcaacaggtaggaaacaaatgttttaatccttattgttataacatgcctgacctgttcatttgttttttgtttagactgacgttgtaattgcatctggaggtttacc
>DMU84745  445 Real 1. site
ccgctctcttcgccgtcgttctggctgcccccgctcccgatgcggatacccagatcctgcgtctggagtccgacgtccagccggagggctacaactttgcgtaagtgtatcaaactccggtcagctcggtgcgacgattatccaaggattaaatacccattctcccacagtttggagaccagcgacggcaagaagcacga
>DMU67905  353 Real 1. site
aggcacctatctactatcacgccggtttctacattgcctttatcgtcctcatgctgtcgagtatctttggaaatggactggtcatctggatattctcgacgtgagtggaaaacccattaatccccacattaatccagacgaaatccattttctttcagttcgaaatccctgcgtactccatctaacctattgattctcaa
>DMU67905  758 Real 2. site
agctacggacagattgtactgctgatactcttcacctggttgtgggccactccgttctccgtgctgccattgttccagatctggggacgttaccagccgggtgagaagtgaattcatgaagactcttcaattactaaacattcttttcagagggcttcctgaccacctgctccttcgattacctgaccaacacggacgaa
>DMEF1AF2  2980 Real 1. site
accgacaagccgctgcgcctgccgctccaggacgtctacaagatcggaggcatcggaaccgtaccagtaggtcgtgtggagactggtctcctcaagccaggtaaggctccgggttgatgaggtcgggtgtgggccctcttttctctttgggcacttcatacatgtattctgcaaaatttgggtcgacagtgggctggcat
>DMEF1AF2  3642 Real 2. site
caacgtgaagaacgtgtccgtgaaggagctccgtcgtggctatgtggccggcgattccaagaacaatcctcctaggggagcagccgactttaccgctcaggtagggtaacaaagatgagaaatctttgatagttgaactcatctttgtttggttttttttttttctttttgcccacaggtgattgtgctcaaccatccgg
>DMRPL7A  1262 Real 1. site
ctttaccaagtttaaaacgtattaatgtgctaattcttttttagcaactgcttatttcggtagcaaactttaaaaccgcttgaaaatggttgtcaagaaggtgagttatcggcgtaaatttgctgttaactcgaattaacctaatgcgtgttttcattgcgtttacagcccaggccaaagaagaagccagtgaccaagaa
>DMRPL7A  1454 Real 2. site
accaagaaggtggctcccgctcctctcgctgtcaagaagcccgtggtcaagaaggttgttaaccagctgttcgagaagcgtcccaagaacttcggaatcggtaagtgcacaaaacatattctatatatatgaatattgcagcggaatttcttacatattagctaaatgtatacatattctctcatcttgcaggccagaat
>DMRPL7A  1917 Real 3. site
gcccagctatgtgtccgccggtaccaacacggtgaccaagctgatcgagcagaagaaggcccaactggtggtcattgcccacgatgttgatcctctggaggttagtttgactcaattgtcgcagctcaaagcttgcacatcatccaaatatttgcaaatttgcaaatatacatggttctcaatcacgttgcgatgatgaa
>DMTFIIB  989 Real 1. site
ctaagcagctatcgagttatcgggcaaagtcacatcaccagttgatgtgagtattaaaaaaatatatagcttacagagtacaaatggcatcgacatcgaggtaaaagtcgggtttcctaacaatttgtgaacaccaataatggcttactgcttgcagactggacaacaacaaggtgtgctgctacgcacaccccgaatct
>DMTFIIB  1458 Real 2. site
tcgctccctcatatcagcctttaaggagatatcctcgatggccgatcgcattaacttgcccaaaaccattgtcgatcgggccaacaacttgttcaaacaggtgaaattcgagttcgcggttgatttggttgagacctcatgccgttttcttgtaggttcatgatggaaagaacctcaagggtcgttccaacgatgccaag
>DMTFIIB  1748 Real 3. site
gagattggccgttgctttaagctaacattgaaggctctcgagacaagtgtggatctcataaccactgcggacttcatgtgccgcttctgcgccaacttgggtaagtgtttttacactttctgtacttgaaggtagcaggattaatacctataattcttatcagacctgccgaacatggtccaacgcgctgccacgcacat
>DMCYSTA  543 Real 1. site
gcggtgtcagccagttggagggaaacagcaggaaggaggctctggaacttctggatgccactctcgcacagttggccaccggagatggtcccagctacaagtgagttagaactgagttccgaatttaaaattcatactaattgatctgctgatcttagggcaatcaatgtgacctctgtgacgggtcaggtcgtagctgg
>DMCHORS16  1254 Real 1. site
gagcagggtcgcccacttctggccaagccctacggtcctctggacccgctatacgctgctgctctgccaccacgctccttcgtggctgaggtcgatccaggtgggttcctaagctaagctacaacatggataatattgtttatcctatgattttggattgacttcatagcaccgctttgccacccatacttaccttcttt
>DROHP1  423 Real 1. site
cgacaaccctgagagctcggcaaaggtttccgatgccgaagaggaggaggaggagtacgccgtggaaaagatcatcgacaggcgggtgcgcaagggaaaggtgagttttccgaaccagacgtcccattatatttggtcctaaaacgccattttccacctgcaggtggagtactatctgaaatggaagggctatcccgaaa
>DROHP1  603 Real 2. site
atggaagggctatcccgaaactgagaacacgtgggagccggagaacaatctcgactgccaggatcttatccagcagtacgaggcgagccgcaaggatgaggtaagtgaagtacaatgcgatgccaagtacagttgtgcttgctaggatttcctttacatctcgtttcggtccgtaggagaagtcagccgcctccaagaag
>DROHP1  800 Real 3. site
aaggatcgacccagcagcagcgccaaggccaaggaaactcaaggacgcgccagcagttcgacgtccacagcaagcaagcgaaagtccgaagaaccaacaggtaagctatggaatgagtgtacctacaaatattttctgtatacaaattggtataacaatagtcatcacctacaatatccactggcatttatttgcccttt
>DROMSP316  352 Real 1. site
gccttgaataccagtcatatatatattggagatcttttacacatttttagtatagttttcgatttctttagcggatatcaacatggcctcagtaaaattggtgtgtgttggtctaatcatatatgcgttccaaatctaatattttttaaaattttcgcacagttctttattgctattttggttgtagctctatcccttaa
>AF022650  2087 Real 1. site
cgccgattcccgcaaggcgatcgccaatggacccctgggctctgggacgcccagcaccttcgttccctatcgcgagagcgtgctcacctggctgttgcgggtaagtgttacgaaatagttcttagctgcttttttttgtacttatcaactgggtcagtggggttgggctactttcggctaatgataactctttcttatcc
>DROEVE  342 Real 1. site
gcccatcacgacgccagtcccgtggaccagaagcccctggttgtggacctcttggccacccagtacggcaagccccagacaccgcctccctcgccaaatggtaagtttaaagataaagccgagcaaacgtgacgagttacttacacccaatctttcctctgtccaaaacagaatgcctatccagtccggataactccttg
>DMW13  1633 Real 1. site
cagtttatgcccaatccaggcatggccagggatagctatcagctgtacccctggctgctcagccgccatggaaggatcttcccacaccgattccctggaagtaagtatcttttggaatgattctttatatgcgaaacaaaaaaaggagatttagggaaaaaaatagttcttggagtccaaattgaaggccaaaaaatgag
>DMU84898  1028 Real 1. site
tctgtggattaattttaccgaaaaggcttcaacacaatgactgagcgcgagaacaatgtgtacaaggcaaagctggccgaacaggccgagcgctacgacggtgagtagtgattccgaaaaaaaatggtagcaaaaatggtagaaaacggtagacaaatgctagtagagtagggaaaaaattttctcgactgaggagcgcc
>DMU84898  6003 Real 2. site
agagaactcgctgattgcctacaaggcggccagcgatattgccatgaacgatctgccaccaacacaccccatccgtttgggcttggcattgaacttctcggtgagtgattgtgaagagacacgatgtcgtcatatgttttctatatatatattttaaaatccttgcaggtgttctactatgagattctcaactcgccgga
>DMU84898  6252 Real 3. site
ttggatacactgagcgaagagagctacaaagactcgacactcatcatgcagctgctgcgcgacaacctcacattatggacgtccgatatgcaggcagaaggtaagttgtaatatcacatccacttgttcggctccgttattaagttctaaatattatactaagaagtagaccccaacgcaggtgatggcgagcccaaaga
>DROTRP  776 Real 1. site
tggattacgacctgatgatggccgaggagtacatcctcagtgatgtggagaagaatttcatattgtcctgcgagcggggtgacttgccaggtgtcaagaagtgaggcttcctccctatggcttcgagtaactcggctaatatgatttcgtccttgaaggatcctcgaggagtaccagggcacggacaagttcaacattaa
>DROTRP  1072 Real 2. site
gggcgacgccctgttgcacgccatctcggaggagtatgtggaggcggtggaggagctgctgcagtgggaggagaccaaccacaaggagggccagccatacgtaggtcacatcctgccgcagatatgccacatctcttactcttttcccctcctttggcagagctgggaggcggtggaccgctccaagtccaccttcaccg
>DROTRP  1275 Real 3. site
acatcacgccccttatcctggccgcccaccgaaataactacgagatactcaaaatccttctggatcgcggggccacgctgcccatgccgcacgacgtcaagtgagtggggtggtgtagggatgcagttgctcggtgatatggctatgtagtgagcttcctcgtccttcgagcggcacgttccattgtttgtccaattggc
>DROTRP  1864 Real 4. site
agcgctcagctcccgggaccctgtactgaccgtcttccaattgtcctgggaactcaagcgcctgcaggcgatggaatcggagtttcgtgccgaatacacggtacggtagtagtgtgcaatgtaagcggtggccagtgtgccactagagtccatgcgaatgcgaatgcgagcctttgtttgtgtttgcccaacaggagatg
>DROTRP  2135 Real 5. site
gctcaacttcaaccacgagccgtcccacgacatctggtgccttggccagcggcaaaccctggaacgactgaagctggccattcgctataagcaaaagacggtgggttcggactaatccgtgcacattaagaaactgtgaaggttacaggcttgtggctagatacccatgcttaacccagaccacagactaactgggattt
>DROTRP  2539 Real 6. site
ttgaagtacatcctggccccggattccgagggtgccaagttcatgcgcaagccctttgtcaagttcatcacgcactcctgctcctacatgttcttcctgagtgggtaaagtgggtgcttaatacttcatccatctaaatatgcgcccattcacagtgctcctgggtgctgcctccctgagggtggtgcaaatcacctttg
>DROTRP  2893 Real 7. site
tgagtacatcatggatctttggaacatagtggactacatatcgaacatgttctatgtgacgtggattctttgtagggccaccgcttgggtaatcgtccatgtgagtccatatgaatctaatgaataaattggaattgaattggagctgaattgatttcagcgcgatctctggttccggggcatagatccttacttcccga
>DROTRP  3321 Real 8. site
acgctgagctggagaagaacaagtgctatcacctgcatcccgatgtggctgactttgatgaccaggagaaggcttgtaccatctggcgaagattttccaagtatattacattcatttctatgtacttgatcacattggcataccatttcaatttactttagcttattcgaaacatcacaatcgctcttctgggcctcttt
>DROTRP  3740 Real 9. site
tggcggcaccattccaccgcccttcaacctctgtcccaacatgaagatgttgaggaagaccctgggccgaaagcgaccgtcacgaactaagagcttcatggtaagttacactcagagaaattgaataatttagcttaagtattatacaaatccacacatatatattaaattcagtgtactctacttttaaatgatatttc
>DROTRP  4275 Real 10. site
attgaggtgcgccaggacatcagctccttgcggttcgagttgctggagattttcaccaacaatagctgggatgtacccgacattgagaagaagtcgcagggtaagggaagcctacccacatccaaaatggcaacttacacgtgtcttaagatagtagtagcagtatatatgaaaaaattatttataattagctaatgaat
>DROTRP  4646 Real 11. site
tcgtcgagaatctgaagcaggaaatgagcgaatctgagagcggacgagatatattctcatcgctggccaaggtcatcggcagaaagaagacccagaaggggtaggtccacttaaatctgtaagaccctttgagtaaaggttactattctcaatagagacaaggattggaacgccattgcgaggaagaatactttcgcctc
>DROTRP  4862 Real 12. site
aagcgctcctccatgcaacgtcatagccagcgaagcttgaggaggaagatcatcgagcaggcgaatgagggtctccagatgaaccagacccagttgattggtaaataaataaagatgtgcccaatgtatctatatttccataaccttgatctcctccagaattcaatcccaacttgggtgatgtgacgcgtgccacaaga
>DROTRP  5076 Real 13. site
gttcatgcggaagaagatggctgccgacgaggtttccttggccgatgacgagggtgctccaaatggcgaaggcgaaaagaagccactggatgcctctggggtaagttccaatcaatatatatatatgtattccctggctaatatataatctcacttgcagtctaaaaagtccataactagtggtggaactggaggaggag
>DMC49E4  20973 Real 1. site
ttagtaattccttcgattatgtcctgggcatgggacagcagcgagcagcagaggtggagacagaggtggacctgagttcgcaatattgcgtatacgcacggtatgcctagtcactacgttaaatctaagccgtaggagggctcacaaagtcaggttgggtggcggggacaataatttatgtggagagcaaggggatacac
>DMC49E4  21572 Real 2. site
ttaaataatttctagccgtggcaactgcgccacgggggacgctgctctggaagcagtcgagacaataaagcttgacaattcaaacccacttgatgcgcccgtgcgtgctcgagtccatgtccgtgcctgccagcccgggcatcgctttcatctctgacagcacctctgaccgttcggctatccgttcattgggggcatgg
>DMC49E4  22047 Real 3. site
gatccagtgcatgcgaaacctgcttagcagtttcacccgccaccggcacatcatccacgccggttacaccttcagtggaaatggttcctggatattgcaggtcgatattgcttgtgcccccttttctgacaagtggtgctcatacccatctatttgcaggacggaaccttctcggtggcggacttctctgaggccttcca
>DMC49E4  22329 Real 4. site
cacacattgcccgagaaggcctttgcccgccagtgccggatacggataaatcccgtggacgtcctggacacgagcagcgagtgcatcaacggattcattggtaagactgtgcacactatttccgatgcagcatttatcaaggtcgttcttctgcagattacctcgcgcccatggtgatgccaacctcgctgagggagctg
>DMC49E4  22544 Real 5. site
gtggtgggcaacattcgctttacccatccaacgttatatgtcttccccggcggccagggtgatgcggcgcttttcgggatcaacggctttaacatgcttggtgggtatagcacatgtattgaggaaatgcaacctaatcccctcctgtctcttttccacgcagttgacggcggcttcaaccgcaaggcatgcttctggga
>DMC49E4  26920 Real 6. site
ggaaagcttcaaagcagatagtacaaaggacgaaaagtccccacttacgtccaaggatatatcgcgaccagaatcggctgtggaaaatgtgatggatgcagtaggatctgcagagcggtctcagccagaatccgtaacagcctccagggatgtctctagaccggaatcagtagcggaaagtgaaaaggatgacactgaca
>DMC49E4  30047 Real 7. site
ttcgcggaattcgaacaggccgagaaagcagtgctgcccttgactattgaactaaagggtaatctcccaacgttgtcgagccctgtagatgtggctcatggtgacttcccccagacatcaacccccacaagctcaccaactgtagcttcagtccaaccagctgaactctctaaagtcgacattgagaagacagcatcaag
>DMC49E4  36790 Real 8. site
aggacgggagtcgcatacggacaccccggaatcctcgccaaagcccacatcacctttcccgcgcgtcagcaaggacgagcttaagtctctggaaatgcaggtatgtttaagcagttttgtgctggatttatttgtcgtattatatcctatgttttttaacccatgtagcaccactcgcaggagcagatgttggcaggagc
>DMC49E4  38278 Real 9. site
gtacgagcccgctactacgtcttctccggcacggaacccagtcgccaggtgtatgatgcgctgctcgaggccaaacagacatgggaggacaaggagttgggtgagtagatgcttgttatgtcgatcctgcaatgagttcattttccaaatctccgacttgcagaggtcaccattatacctacgtacgacacagatgttct
>DMH2AVDG  424 Real 1. site
ggcattcccatcgcggcagttagaatcaccgagtgcccagagtcacgttcgtaagcaggcgcagtttacaggcagcagaaaaatcgattgaagagaaatggtaatattgcggtgaatttttgagcggcagcgcatctcgcttttcccactagcgctgcccccgcgaattaaatattgaagtgcggggattacggagacgc
>DMH2AVDG  815 Real 2. site
attgtgctgtgtctattcgcaggctggcggtaaagcaggcaaggattcgggcaaggccaaggcgaaggcggtatcgcgttccgcgcgcgcgggtcttcaggtgagttttacaatctgtacctcggttttggcgccttttcggtacccactctgccaacgagcatattccacacataacagggtggcccgccttcgttggt
>DMH2AVDG  1109 Real 3. site
catccatcgtcatctcaagagccgcactacgtcacatggacgcgtcggagccactgcagccgtgtactccgctgccatattggaatacctgaccgccgaggtaagtgtgcttccgccgagttttcccgcttttctctcgtggtactttttctcgcttcaatgtaaacagcatttaccagaaatattcaagggaaacattt
>DMTRA2W  511 Real 1. site
tcagtagcgggcgtctccattgcagcgccagatataaacacaagcgatcggcgtcatcatcgtcagcggggacaacttcatccggacacaaggaccgcaggtaaatgtgtacacacatatgtgagacgaccctaaacgatacctcttttgacatgaagcatcgagtagttttgactggcagtttggaaaaaaggttcaac
>DMTRA2W  1143 Real 2. site
acgctcccgttcgcgttcctcctcggagtcgccgccaccggagccgcgtcatcgctccggacgttcatcacgcgatcgcgaacgaatgcacaagtctcgcgtaagccattctgccgattaatgcctcctttcaatcctaaagatcttcggcgtttcaggaacatccacaagcaagccgctgcataggagtctttggactg
>DMTRA2W  1330 Real 3. site
agtctttggactgaacacaaatacctcgcagcacaaggtacgcgagctgttcaacaagtacggacccatcgaacgcatccagatggtgattgacgcacaagtaagtcggttttcgataagcattgctaagatatttcctgcctgaatccttttgtgtagacaaatccgctgaagccctgcagttttgtcttaatttctgg
>DMTRA2W  1987 Real 4. site
taccgcaacgatcgctacgaccgtaatctccgcaggagccctagtcgcaaccgttacactcgcaacaggagctacagccgttcacgctctccgcaactacgtaaagtttattcctccgtctatttaatcaaacgtttatcctgtatattttccacgattaggtcgaacttcatcgcgctattaaagcgcctggggaggag
>DMTPIG  2773 Real 1. site
gtgcgcctacgcccaaaagatcaaggactggaagaacgtggtggtggcctacgaacccgtctgggccattggcaccggcaagaccgccacacccgatcaggtaaggtcgattgcagatggctaatccttcagaactatatttccttccaattgcaggctcaagaggtccacgcttccctgcgccagtggctgagcgacaa
>AF025792  312 Real 1. site
agttttccttgctaatatagttaattgaagaatatataatggatttggataacgcacgcgaactgccccgcgctggtttcaatttcgacaactgcaagcggtaagaatcgtccaagttgttcagcaataccccatcggcttttattaattggtgttttattgctttcagcaatgcaactcttttgaatcgaggcttcaag
>AF025792  561 Real 2. site
aggatggtgttattctgggcgccgatacgcgagccaccgagggacccattgtctcggacaagaactgcgccaagatccattacctggccaaaaacatatagtaagtccaccgaggtatgcgccttttaagtgcacagggaactaataatactataagagggattacggtatttttcctgcatttcaaatgtgggctattc
>DMTRFG  275 Real 1. site
cgaccagcaatgctgccgccaatccgcacgcagccctgcagccgcaacagcccgttgccctggtggagcccaaggatgcacaacatgagatacgattgcagttggttgaccacttttcagaggcacttcatgaaataaatagaaacccattgatacatccataacttgcaggaatatcgtggccaccttctcggtgaact
>DMU69607  1063 Real 1. site
gaggagcaagctaattgagttcctggatcacctcatcgaactgggtgttgctggcttccgggtggatgccgccaagcatatggcatcggaagatctagaggtgagtttagcttttcccagcttggaacgattagttaatggtgtttttttccgcagtacatctacagcagcctgagcaacctgaacatcgatcacgggtt
>DRORNAHEL  655 Real 1. site
acctatgtgtccattcacagttccggcttccgcgatttcctcctgaaaccggagatcctgcgggccatcgtagactgcggcttcgagcatccctcggagggtgagtacttgcactccacctggagcgacgaaaggtacagtcgctaacgatgctctccgcttgcagttcagcacgagtgcattccgcaggccgtactggg
>DRORNAHEL  945 Real 2. site
caacacctgccacgtcctggtcatgtgccacacccgcgagctggccttccagatcagcaaggagtatgagcgattctccaagtacatgcccacagtcaaggtgagtctacgttttaatccattgtatataattcaaaaaaaagtttggttcgactatatagttactatatattaattcgatattttttctatttaggtgg
>DRORNAHEL  1225 Real 3. site
cctggccgaattctcgccctcattcgcaacaagaaacttaatctgaagcttttgaagcactttgtgctcgacgagtgcgacaagatgctggagcagctgggtaagttgactaataatcaccaaatgacggacgttttactaataaccaaaccattcttttagatatgcgtcgtgacgttcaagagattttccgtagcacc
>DRORNAHEL  1406 Real 4. site
agagattttccgtagcaccccgcacggcaaacaagtgatgatgttctctgccacattgagcaaggacattcgtcccgtttgcaaaaagttcatgcaagatgtaaatatcaacgtgttcataaccaaaatgctcgtacttctccacctcgcatccaccgctatcacgacaattagttattattttgttaatgccacgcgat
>DRORNAHEL  2209 Real 5. site
gctgacgctgcacggactgcagcagcactacgtcaatctgaaggagaacgagaagaacaagaaactgttcgaactgctcgacgtgctcgagttcaatcaggtaggtcattcggtggtcttaacttatatttaccacttacttgattatccctgtcataggtggtcatctttgtgaagtctgtgcaacgttgcgtggctct
>DRORNAHEL  2671 Real 6. site
gtttcggacgagaacgacgccaagatacttaacgaagtacaggatcgtttcgatgtgaacatcagtgagctgcccgaggaaatcgatctctctacatacagtaagttgcaatgatgagtaatccccagccaccagcagtgctaacttgattttcttttccagttgagggacgctagagctcgaaggtgcatgttaatcgg
>DROEDG78A  1193 Real 1. site
gagctgatcaaattaaacagttgcactgcaagcaccatcatcacagcatcaccgctttaagagaagaaaattcccaattcccatcatcatgtacaaatatgtaagttcggttggacttggcacgcctcataccccagagtaccaatactgatcattgtactttgatcccaaaagctgttctgtcttgctctcatcggctg
>DMU51043  219 Real 1. site
gtcttctgctcacatagttagctgtgaatataattggagtcgcgagcggataaatggagatccgagtgggagtgggcgatctgctgaaaatgggcaccaagtaggtgatctatggcaattacagtaaaagctaactgggagagacccccgtagtttttattcatcggattttgtcaattgaactcttgtacttaggtgaa
>DMU51043  1310 Real 2. site
ttccagttcggcgaggctggtcgagatttctacagtccagactactttatgcagcaagacgtagtggttgtcacattcaattatagggtgggcgcattgggtaagttttatattagatgatatgatttctatgttatttatatataaacctatgatcaagatacgctcgttcaaagcttgcatataattatatttagctc
>DROSEP1HP  586 Real 1. site
acgagcgcttcctgcgcgacgagagcggcctgaacagacgcaacattgtggacaatcgcattcactgctgtttctactttatatcgccgttcggtcatgggtgcgttccttttccgtttaacttttgaacatttaatattaaaaataaggagttcaaagctcagtagtgttgcaaattgtataatagaaagtataaacga
>AF019362  6216 Real 1. site
gccaaaattacgccccacatcggtatgcagtcgtcggagggttcaccagacatgatggatcagaaatacaacagcgtgcgtctttcgccagcggcatcgagtaagtatagcaaaaaaaaaaatcagatagcaatgaaaaaagaagaaaacaatcttcctaatatataaaattaagacaatcctttacttataccaacttt
>DRODFUR2X  3673 Real 1. site
agaggcgatatacacaaatgagttcgccgtcaacattccagctggcaagcaaatggcagatgttatagctaccaaacatggatttatcaatagaggacaggtgagaatgtttgtccaacgctgcaatggaattggtgctcatacaatttacttaatttttcatagattggatcgctggacaactactatctgtttcagca
>DRODFUR2X  3843 Real 2. site
atcgctggacaactactatctgtttcagcatcaccatgtatcgaagcgttcgctgcgctctagtcgcaaacatcagggcgcccttaaatcagagaacgaggtgtgtactctctaaaaaagtatccagttggagcagagatttcaatcatgattgccttgcaggtgaaatggatgcagcaacagcacgagaaggtgcgccg
>DRODFUR2X  4154 Real 3. site
atcgatttcgttagcctcgcactcacagcgcatggagtaccgggatgtcagctcgcatttcatctttccggatccgttgtttaaggaacagtggtatctggtgagtaaagtatgtaatcatctctcatttaaatgcatgcttcatgaatccatatatattttatagtccattagtctattagctcgattctctataccat
>DRODFUR2X  4601 Real 4. site
gggtcccgcctggcaaaagggctacaccggcaagggcgtggtcgtgtccattctggacgatggcattcagacaaaccatcccgatttggcccaaaactatgtgagtatcccaacaaaaaaaaatcaatgatcaattgttaaaaatactatttaaacgcaggatcccgaggcctctttcgatataaatggcaacgattcgg
>DRODFUR2X  4821 Real 5. site
ggtgacaacaagcacggaaccagatgtgccggcgaagtggccgcggtggctttcaacaatttttgcggagtgggagtggcctacaatgccagcattggtggtaagtgatcatggttgatatgtattaattgcaaaccatctaagctgtttgtgctattaggagtacgaatgctggacggaaaggtcaacgatgtggttga
>DRODFUR2X  5185 Real 6. site
gggcctctggcaacggtggacgctacactgactcctgcaactgcgatggctacaccaattcgatcttcaccctttccatttcgagtgccactcaagccgggtaagttgacaggatgtagacttggattctgattcagtaatgttgttgcagcttcaagccctggtacctggaggagtgctcctccacgctggctaccacc
>DRODFUR2X  6460 Real 7. site
agaagatcctgcactcctgcgatgccgagtgcgactcctccggctgctatggccgtggacccacacagtgcgttgcctgcagtcactaccgcttggacaagtaagtggtaccaacatgcgcatttgtggagctcgggtgctaatggttttctgtttacagtacttgtgtaagtcgctgcccaccgcgttcctttcccaac
>DRODFUR2X  6708 Real 8. site
ggtgccggacccgacagctgcctcacatgtgctccggcccacctgcacgtcatcgatctcgccgtctgcctgcaattctgcccggacggatattttgaaagtaataatctggctttgttcatcaaaaatttgctattgttaaacaattatttctttgtactctccacagacagcaggaatagaacttgcgttccctgcga
>DRODFUR2X  6934 Real 9. site
atcccgagtactgcactagctgtgatcaccatttggttatgcatgagcacaaatgctactcggcctgtcccttggatacgtacgaaacggaggataacaagtgagtaaacatatatttgattagctctcaataagagcttaatttgttaatcacatcgcgttcaatagatgtgccttctgccactcgacttgcgccacct
>DRODFUR2X  7277 Real 10. site
acctgcaccagcaacggagtttgctccgagtgccttcaaaactggacgctaaacaagagggacaagtgcatcgtgagcggcagcgaaggctgcagtgaatgtaagctcatccataagcaagcagtttatatcctggctaatttgccaaaaattgcttgatttaatgtataatttgctgacatgctcttcatcctgcagct
>DRODFUR2X  7661 Real 11. site
tgcacacgtgcagccagtgcgtctcgcggacaaactgcagtaactgctccaagggtctggagctgcagaatggcgaatgtcgcaccacctgtgccgatgggtaagctgttaagattgaattaccaccagtgtcccggagctgcagctttcaatgtgtgccgtatatcattatagatactacagcgatcgtggcatttgcg
>DRODFUR2X  7935 Real 12. site
caactggccgccggcgaatgccatcccgagtgccccgagggcttttacaaatcggactttggatgccagaagtgtcaccattactgcaagacgtgcaatggtatgatatactgtcaatcttctagcatggtggctaatgtgtttccccaatattttgcttttccagatgctggaccattggcgtgcacgtcgtgtccgcc
>DRODFUR2X  8289 Real 13. site
ctggaccagctgaacagccagtgtgtgtcctgttgtcagaatcaaacgttggccgaaaagacttcgtcagcggcgtgctgcaattgcgatggcgaaaccggtaagcaaatagtttatacgagctgcaggatctaatataattgaaatggaaactgttttcaggcgaatgcaaggctacctcgacgggtggcaagcggcgc
>DRODFUR2X  8575 Real 14. site
cctgcgactggactctccgctgacggcaatcacagccatagctgtggccatatgcctgctgatcataacaatattctccatcatctttgctgttttacaggtaagaaactggactaaaggtaattgaatataatttcaagttcaagtttcgtactctttgtccagcgcaacagcaaccatgtatccagaaattcagtgcg
>DMYOLK  367 Real 1. site
ggatcccagctggaggccattcccgccctcgacgatttcaccattgagcgtctggagaacatgaacctggagcgtggcgccgagctgctgcagcaagtctgtgagtaatcctagatgcagataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacctcgaatattctatggaatatatatatcctttgtagaccacctgtcgcagatccaccacaa
>DMU51046  176 Real 1. site
ttgataagctccggctatcgatagaggtcttcattgcttaattataagcgaaggcagttaaagctagagactggctgtgttcggagatgtcggacgactagtgagggcattaataaaaatccagccccaattcgttacctattgttttgttttttttagcaacgaagatgcccccgtggtgcagacaacacatggaaaag
>DMU51046  512 Real 2. site
ttgctccaagccgctcagcaagtgcctgcaagtgagcacattaaccaaggaggtggaaggctccgaggattgcctttacctgaacatatcagtaaaaactgtaagtcctctaaattagaaaacttaattccgaacagcaatcacgatggatttcttttagctaaacggtgatcccatgcctgtgatggtctacatccatg
>DMU51046  720 Real 3. site
tttaagggcggagattcttcgagacgcgcctggggtcccgactattttatgaaggaaaacgttgtgtacataagcattggtcatcgactgggacccttaggtgcgctttcaaaaagctaaaacaataggtgttcgataacattttataccgggctctttcaggtttcctcagtctcaatgatcccgatcttgaagttcct
>DMU66884  14443 Real 1. site
tttaaaaggataattgaatttataaaacgacgtcattcttgttgtggactaactttaatgaaatggacgcctacgcgttacctacatattttcctcttgcgtaagtttttatttgcatattcgagaagtaagccttacaatagaaaaatatctacatttttgtttaaaacgaggaattttaagattacagtccatgaaat
>DMU66884  18276 Real 2. site
actggacagccacatgactttcacccggcctatagaattcccggatacatggaacagttgtattctcttcaacgaactaattcagcttcatcttttcacggtatttaacttcttgtatttgtaaaaaagtaaccttaaaaagtatggatttttgtttgttagatccctatgtcaattgtgcatcagcattccatcttgcc
>DMU66884  18979 Real 3. site
aaatgacgtacatcctaatctaagcgattcacatatccagataacaacatccccaactgttacaaaggatgtaagccaggtcccagcggcagcattctcggtaattgttaattaatttaaaatatttaaaatgattatattatatcgtttatctagttgaagaacttagatgatgcaagagagaaaaagggaccctttaa
>DMU66884  19548 Real 4. site
atgggaagattgtacacgcggtgaaaaaccatttaaagcgcagtatatgcttgttgtgcatatgcggcgtcataccggtgaaaagccacacaaatgcacggtaagattaataaattatataaaacaatttatatgaattccattttaaatcatgtgtaaattagtttgaaggctgctttaaggcatattcacgtttggaa
>DMU66884  19777 Real 5. site
aggagaaaaaccatacacttgcgagtatccgggatgtagcaaagcctttagtaatgctagtgatcgcgcaaagcatcaaaatcgaacacacagtaatgaggtaagtctttcatctatataaaagtaatatttttcatttatagctatttttagaaaccgtacatttgtaaagcacctggatgcacaaaacgttacaccga
>DMH4R  1483 Real 1. site
ccagggtatcaccaagcctgctattcgccgtttggctcgtcgcggcggtgttaagcgtatctctggcttgatttacgaggaaactcgcggtgtgctaaaggtacgttctggcgaaacgaagggaaagtggtgaaaaactgattaatttctcggaaaattcacaggtattccttgagaacgttatccgtgacgctgtcacc
>DROVERM  1197 Real 1. site
ccggtccgctggcggagatcagttcgccagcatccgccgctcgaggagtcacgatctgatctgagctgtgcaccatgagctgtccctatgcaggaaacgggtgagcaccagcacgtgctgtccaggaatgccaatcgatcttcagttctgcgattcaattcaaacccatacagaaacgatcacgatgattcggcggtgcc
>DROVERM  1431 Real 2. site
tatctgatgctggacaaactgctggatgcccagtgtatgctgtccgaggaggacaagcgacccgtgcacgatgagcatctgttcatcatcacgcaccagggtgagtaggtttacaactttgatgacaacactcaatggcatttaagtaccttcgccacagcctacgagctttggttcaagcagatcatctttgagttcga
>DROVERM  1625 Real 3. site
gttcgactccatacgagacatgttggatgcagaggtcatcgatgaaaccaagacgctggagattgtcaagcgactgaaccgagtggttctgattctaaaagtgagtgctttctgaatctcttaccaaaatccgtttataacttcctttgtacagctcctggtggaccaagtgcccattctggagaccatgaccccgctag
>DROVERM  2286 Real 4. site
atcatgatcaccttctatagggatgaacccaggttcagccaaccacaccagttgctcaccctgctcatggacatcgactcgttaataaccaagtggagatgtaagtattgcattctttgatactcttttataaatatatcttatgtttaagactggttttcctaaccaaatactttctattcccgccgcagacaatcacg
>DROVERM  2471 Real 5. site
ccgcagacaatcacgtgatcatggtgcaacgcatgattggatcccaacagttgggcactggtggctcgtctggatatcaatatctgcgctccactctcaggtgatcatcgcagatgtgattatatcggggatcaatgaactcaaactgttctccctttgtttttttttggtttcagtgatcggtacaaggtgtttctgga
>DMU59923  1754 Real 1. site
tttaaaagccgaaatttcatcagtttgatttcaattgcaaacaaacaacctgcgaacatgtcaataaagctcaaagcgaaccttaacaatccgcccataagtgagtatcaaacggatgccggctgctgtgaccttcagtgcccggaggatttgcacttagtgaggttatatccgcatcggggtctatttatgtacacaat
>DMU59923  2853 Real 2. site
ggcttatcaaagagagcaaggcctatgtggatgatacccctccggaacaaatgaagctggaacgcgagcaacgcgtcgagtctgcaaatcgatccaactcgtaagtttatcttaattactaaactatatttttagcgctatatgatgaatttcaacggttaaattgtcacttatattatatttcaccatgatgtatgagc
>DMU59923  3272 Real 3. site
cggccaagatcgacatgagctctcccaacggatgcatgcgtgaccccaccatctatcgctgtaagaacgagccacatccacgcacgggaaccaaatacaagtgagtataacaaataaattgtcaatagaaaatcagttgtatcttttatcatttgcagggtgtaccccacctacgattttgcctgccctatcgtggacgc
>DMU59923  4393 Real 4. site
tgttccttctcccattgttttgttctctatacctgatggacatacgaaggatgtgccaacttcaggtctgaaagtcaatgctccggatgccaaggcgacggtgagttgtatagataatactataaaatagggtattcaatattcgacataggaagtacaattaacagctgtttggagctctccaaacttcttcgctctcc
>DMU59923  6630 Real 5. site
gcgtcctacctccgagacagtcatgtaccccgcctacgccaaatgggtacaatcctacagggatctgccgattcgcctcaatcagtggaataacgttgtcgtaagtattgcctgattggcctatttatcgttgctaaccattgcctcatgttttatgttgtagcgctgggaattcaagcaaccaactcctttcctacgta
>AF035551  1305 Real 1. site
agaaaacggacaaaacatccttaggacagccacacaaaggcgcatcgatactttcagccaccacacacaatggccgaacgaccgaaaaatttgtttgcaagtgagttacccctttggtctcgaaccgcccacgcaggtcatacacatgcagccgaagaggaccacatactcgctgggtgacgcatagtttggaaatctgg
>AF035551  2308 Real 2. site
ccgtcgcggagacataaagctgtgcgattttggtatttcgggtcagctggtcgactctattgccaagaccaaggatgcgggctgcaggccctacatggcggtaatgattgtcatttgatttcacaacatttttaccgcaattgtatgcatttgtgcagccggagcgcattgatccagaacgtgccaagggctacgatgta
>AF035551  2507 Real 3. site
acgaagcgatgtttggtcattgggcatcacattaatggaggtggcgactggtaatttcccctatcgtaaatgggactctgttttcgagcagttgtgccaggtaaacataaaacattttaataggatagtttttcttttaaaatgagatacaaatatcgttcgtcttgttccctttcgtcattaggaataatctaatagag
>AF035551  2824 Real 4. site
tattaacattcaaggttgtgcaaggcgaaccgccgcgacttttgacatcctataacggcatggagttttccaaagagtttgtggactttgtcaatacttggtaagcaccagtaaagcctagaaaacttaataatagtaactaataaagcattattatcgttttagcctaattaaaaaggagagcgatcgacccaagtata
>DMPP4  3067 Real 1. site
acatgatttgccgtgcacaccagttggtaatggagggcttcaagtggcacttcaacgaaaccgtcctgaccgtctggtcggcacccaattactgctatcggtgagtcagcctcctgtgcaatttcgaacttgtgttgttaactctggaatctctccacatgcagctgcggcaatgtagctgccatcctggagctgaatga
>DMSAL  744 Real 1. site
ctttcagctacctacttgatattaccaaatcgtggtataaaaatcaaaaaaatattagagccgcctcagtaccgaaacttcagccacgatgaaactactggtgcgtcttctaacttagaaatccttaaataataataatacaattttataactacagattgctctgtttgcgctggtgaccgctgtgatcgctcagaatg
>DMRAFPO  2354 Real 1. site
tcgatccaattccgcgccaaatgtgtgcatcaacaacattcgatcggtcacaagcgaagtgcagcggagtttgataatgcaggccagacctcctttgccggtgagtctaaatatttgctgttcatataattttgtggcttaacatatgtatggatttcttacagcatccgtgcacagatcactccaactccacgcaagcg
>DMRAFPO  2559 Real 2. site
cacgagcaccttgaaacacaatcgtcccagggccaggtccgccgatgagagcaataaaaatctgcttttaagagacgccaaaagttccgaggaaaactgggtaagctaagattacttgtgcggtcactcacatatttaaaataatcaaaaaatgttatattcctgcagaatattctggcggaggagattttaattgggcc
>DMRAFPO  3001 Real 3. site
atgtcagcgaaaccaagtttaaattgaacacgctcatcgatatcggacgtcaggtggcccagggcatggattacctgcatgccaagaatatcattcataggtgggtttccgtatggtcatcagttgtaatcggttaataattatattttcatttctctcttttagagacctcaagtcaaacaacatctttttgcacgagg
>DROMDR50A  1083 Real 1. site
caaaaaggatcgagcgctctatgtgattggactactgtctgccgtcggcacaggcctgaccactccggccaacagtttgatattcggtaatctcgccaatgtaagtcaaaaatgctgttccaaaatcatagatctttatctatttatacatctatcttaatatccaaaggacatgattgacttgagtggactgcttgaga
>DROMDR50A  1436 Real 2. site
tcctcaccatccgctcaaagttctttcgctccattctgcatcaggacatgaagtggtacgacttcaaccagagtggcgaagtagccagccgaatgaatgagtaagtgactcacacatcttatcaaatctttagttaatcaactggaatttttgtcatacgtaaccatacaccaaacaagtcacacgtttcttatcagttg
>DROMDR50A  3566 Real 3. site
ggccatgctgcgccaggaggtggcctggttcgatgacaaggcgaacggtaccggaagcctttgtgcccgactctccggagatgctgctgcagttcagggtgtaagtgtaaattggatttcacatttgtagcttacctaatgatttcaatgttcccccaggccactggtcaacgaattggaacgatcattcaatcgatctc
>DROMDR50A  3931 Real 4. site
ggccgtcgaagtggtttccaatattcgtactgtagcttctctgggtcgtgaggaaatgttccaccagaactacattggcatgctgattccagctgttgaggtaggctctatatagtacttttttttttaatttgttaattcatttccaatattatctctatagatttccaagagaaatacccacttccgaggattggtct
>DROMDR50A  4134 Real 5. site
gtctcgcccgttccctgatgttctttgcctatgctgcttgcatgtattatggaacatggtgtgtgattcaccgcggaattttgtttggagatgtattcaagtaagtgacgaaatagcacacttaacttgataaatttcctaacacctcatctctccccatttattttagggtatcccaagccgtgatcatgggtacggct
>DROMDR50A  4765 Real 6. site
tatttcctacggtgacaatgccaggaatgtgactgatcaggagatcatctcggcgtgcaaaaagtccaatatccacgaattcatcgctaacctgcccttggtaagagcccctatcttgacttttctctcgaatttctagtaatatagtaccttatcccatagggttatgatacaagaatgggcgagaagggtgctcagtt
>DROMDR50A  4974 Real 7. site
tcagaagcagcgcatagctattgcacgagccctcatccggaatccgaaaatcatgctgcttgacgaggccacttctgccttggacgctgaaagtgaaaaggttggagtacagagccctgttctatataggacttccgtattcatttatctaattcttcttcaggttgtccaagatgcactcgatgccgcctctgagggac
>DRODMRBA  760 Real 1. site
aatttaacttcgaaactgtcaaatggagaagctaacgaatgttcaggcacagcaggaagaggaggaggaagaaggtccactcagcgtgactaagttaatagtgagtaggctgcgacaatctcgaccaggattatgggcattccctacaatatcctccttctagggcggcagcatcacggccaaggacatcaagctgctcc
>DMPCGENE  955 Real 1. site
caaggggagtaaggggaagttggggcgcgacaatgcgaccgacgatccagtcgatctagtgtacgcggctgagaaaatcatccaaaagcgcgttaagaaggtgagatgagcgtaaacaaattcgaaaaaggcgaccaaaacgggatcgtccgctaaaaatggcaaatgcaatatgcgcagcacacgcaggatatatgtat
>DMU34039  771 Real 1. site
gtgccaagtgcaagttgcccaatggagccagtgtgcatctgagacccgccatttgcgacaaggccagaaggaagcagcagggcaaacagtgtcccaataggtgggtttttgactaaacacaaaatccaagaattgtcaaaactaactcggtatttttatttttttttcttgacagaaattgcaatggtcgcttggaaatc
>DMP11  379 Real 1. site
ttcctgcgttcggtgtttaaactttccagcttcttgaacaaccaaggagagaatggcggaacaaaacgattccaacggaaactacgacgatggtgaagaggtgagttgcagaatgaccaannnnnnttaaaattcacccgcagatcaccgagccagagcagctgcgcaaactgttcatcggcggactggactaccgcacc
>AF069037  308 Real 1. site
cggaggccctgcactttgcccacctgctcagctcgcatgggtacatatttcccatcgatgatcatgcgctgaccgtcaaaaatgacggcaccttctacaggtgagcgttaactgtctcttagcatcttggcatccagatatatatataagcaattctcgcacagattccagacgccctacttttggccctcgaattgctg
>AF069037  556 Real 2. site
gcagaataagacgcgtctggagttggccgactacgaggccgagaatctggccaagctgcagaagatgttctccagaaagtgggagtttatattcatgcaggtgagaccgttaacagaaatcatatttcacaaataactatcttttggatactcttttataatatgaatgatttaattctgatgattttcatatgatttca
>AF069037  952 Real 3. site
ccctggccaagaatcccgtcgagcaactgacgcggattatcgcgctgcgcaaacagaagctcgagcgtcgcacaatcaaagtgtcaaaggcggccgaggcgtaagaaatctatttatacatacaaatattaattaattacattaaaatttacattttttttcgcagtttggttgcctactacgatcagtacaatgagttc
>AF069037  1132 Real 4. site
acgatcagtacaatgagttcgattactttataacctcgcccgagctgccgaatccttggcaaacagacagcaccgagatgtgggatacggagaaaaataggtaagtaactaaaattgttaaaataaaaaataattcgtttaattaataactaaattactattcaatccaacagcaaagaagttcctgtgcggcgcgtgaa
>AF069037  1331 Real 5. site
agcgctgggcattcagtttgcgggagttactgaacgatgccattggacgcgagcagttcaccaagttcttggagaaggagtacagcggcgaaaatctcaagtgagtgcctaccataatcgttggctatatagggaaataagaaatcattaagccagcaacttaaactcttcctcaaaaattatttaaatgcgctttgatt
>DROVITB  668 Real 1. site
tggcttgccgacaaagccacttatccaccaggaattggatcatatgtttccctgcaatgccatcggtcgcaagcagtgtcaaaccaaatgcctagagacggtgagtactggggaaacgaggaggaaaacatcaggagaagcgctctataactcaccaatttcgtccattttagatcgtacaacatctgccgaattccgca
>DROBSHHB  311 Real 1. site
ggcgtccgcatcgcatccgcgacggctactgcccgcagcaaccaggctgcgtcgggttacgctggcgaggatacggcaagtccatgcacagcactccacggttggtttccgaattccatggcctaatactactgcagtgaaattttagtttaaaaaactttaattttaagccaatataattgcatagaaaagtgaaaaaa
>DROBSHHB  1056 Real 2. site
gcaccctacaccgatcacggatttcttcaaatgaccctcggatatctctcgccgtcgtcgggcacctacaagtccgtggatccctattttctatcacaaggtgagttaatgctcgatattacagagatatcctcctagatgattctgatttgtactagtacatacaaacatgttggtaataagttaaagtcgaactcata
>DROBSHHB  1743 Real 3. site
ggccaccgccttgggactcagcgagacgcaggtgaagacctggttccagaaccgccgcatgaagcacaaaaagcagctcgccggcgcgacaatgccaatggtgtgtacattgattcataatcataaattattatgagcaaattaaatattacgaaatttataatactcaaatcaagttatttaatattcaaaccttttct
>DMBSG25D  653 Real 1. site
tccgcactgatcgccagcctgggcggcagccatcagctgggcgtgtcctttggccagttcaaggaggcgctactcaacttcctgggctccgagttcgatggtaatacgtcatcgggtttcattggtgagatagcacaaagaatcgatcacgctatagattaacttatatagtataaagataatatttgctataagctaac
>DMBSG25D  1674 Real 2. site
cgagttatccgtcacggactcggacaatacggacgaggaccagttgcagcagcagcaaaatcagcgaagcctcaacggatgcgatgagctgggagttcaggtgagtgtcgtttgtcaagtcacgtacgaagtggcgatacaacttctggtatgtatgcaaaattgcatagtaaacagattttgtttaatcgttattattg
>DROAPRTZ  770 Real 1. site
gaaaaatgagcccctcaatcagcgcggaagacaagctagactatgtaaagagcaagattggcgagtatccgaacttcccaaaggagggcattctgttccggtgagttatcgtcactcaaggttattagattggagcactaatagtgctgcgatggtgattatggggcaagcaaatggacccttatcaggttgttaatgtg
>DROAPRTZ  1139 Real 2. site
catagccaccgagctgggcctgggatgtgctccgattcgcaagaagggcaagctggcgggagaagtggtttccgtggagtacaaactggagtacggtagtgtgagtactcccaaatatattacttactattcccaagcacaaagatgtttatgctttcaacttaaatatcccaggacacctttgagctgcaaaaatccgc
>DMRPL19  36 Real 1. site
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxtttctttcctagccacgacgaggtcgacagcatgaggtagatttgagttcgcaaatatgagcgaaaagttgcgctcgcggggtctaaatgtttgcaaagtgtgccgggcgagcgcgtgccgtatgatgcagctgcc
>DMRPL19  387 Real 2. site
aagctccagaagaggctcgcagcctccgtgctgcgatgcggcaagaagaaggtctggttggatcccaatgaaatcaacgagatcgctaacacaaactcgcgtgagtagaaatggtctaaatggtcgaatagacagcccagctaactgtgttgttaacccattccaggtcagaacattcgcaagcttatcaaggatggtct
>DRODGQ  868 Real 1. site
gaggaggccaaggaacaaaagcgcatcaatcaggaaatcgagaagcagttgcgccgggacaagagagatgcgcgccgcgagcttaaactgctactactgggtaagtggagcatggcccatttcgattgcacttagcctggcttaatgcaattgaagccgcctcgctaattgcattgtttgcccgccgcttatggctatat
>DRODGQ  1178 Real 2. site
gtacatcaagctggtttttcagaacatattcatggccatgcagtcaatgatcaaggccatggatatgctgaagatttcctacggccagggagagcatagtgtaagtgaaacattgatctaattgaagtcactgaatcttaaacaacatcttacgatccacaggaactggccgatctggtgatgagcatcgattacgagac
>DRODGQ  1395 Real 3. site
atccatacttgaatgccatcaaaacgctgtgggacgatgctggcatccaggagtgctatgatcgtcgtagggaatatcagctgactgattcagccaaatagtaagttacccgttggcatgcaaagggaacggtttaaatccgtccgcaaaatgaccgaaaaacgaactcaagagactgaaactaccgaaacaactatgca
>DRODGQ  2039 Real 4. site
aggctgattacttgccaaccgagcaggatattctgcgtgctcgagtgccgacaactggcattcttgagtatccattcgatttggatggcattgtgtttaggtatctattaaaaatatcaattggtaattaccggcaaggctagtaatgtaaatggtcattgtaaagctagtgaagacgatttcttacaatttagttacta
>DRODGQ  2379 Real 5. site
gagaagaaagtggattcattgctttgagaatgtgacatcaattatatttttggtagcgctatcggagtacgatcaaatcttgtttgaatctgataatgaggtatgatttcaagttatgaatatatattgtttttaatcaaataatcaactgtacgctttcacagaatcgaatggaggaatctaaagctttatttcgtact
>DRODGQ  2597 Real 6. site
tttcaaaattcgtcagttattcttttcctgaataagaaggacttgttggaagagaaaataatgtattcgcatttggtagactattttcctgaatacgatggtaagtgttccgcatgataaaggtggccataattatgtacgattttatgcggcaatgaaccaggtccaaaacaggatcacgctgcggccaaacagttcgt
>DRODGQ  2768 Real 7. site
caggatcacgctgcggccaaacagttcgttctgaaaaagtacttggcctgcaatccagatcccgaacgtcaatgctattcgcatttcacaacggccacaggtggactttcaccttatgtacttaagatctatgtaattgccttaaatcgccaatatcatccgtagattatttgctagttttcgtagaaccacgctagacg
>DROOPSAA  247 Real 1. site
catggagcgcagtcatttgccggagacgccattcgacctggcccattctgggcccaggtttcaggcccagtcgagtggcaatggttccgtgctggacaatgtgagtgattgggggaaatgatttatgttagttctagttttaattgtaatcctttgtggtggcacttcaacttattgccttcttgcaatcccgcaggtgc
>DROOPSAA  1260 Real 2. site
gactcttcaaaatcgacggattgaccccactgacgaccatttggggagcgactttcgccaaaacgagcgcagtctacaatccgattgtgtacggcattaggtgagtgaataaataggtttaaaaaaaaaacaatttccgtttgatatctatatctaatttatatgtttcttaacttccttagccatcccaagtaccgcat
>DROOPSAA  1376 Real 3. site
gtttaaaaaaaaaacaatttccgtttgatatctatatctaatttatatgtttcttaacttccttagccatcccaagtaccgcatagttctcaaggaaaaggtatacctttttagccattctaatgttattcactaatcctttctcgccctttagtgccctatgtgtgtgtttggcaatacggatgagccgaaaccggatg
>DMRP128  2106 Real 1. site
attggcatagacagcaaatcgcagaatagattcggtgcctctctaatagacgcctacaacctgaaggtcttcacacagcaaagggctttggagtacatgggtaggtttgtttaccctagttaaatcttgttcttaaaatacctttttaggctccaagttggtggtcaagcgttttcagagtgccaccacaaaaacgccat
>DMTROPONI  2758 Real 1. site
ccattcaccatttgcctccagttccagttccttgagttcacctctcgatttctcttactttcagtaaccaaaaacacaaatcaaaatggctgatgatgaggtgaggtgagtatctccaacggccccctttctaccgcctttgagaaacggttgattaacctttgaccctcttcttcagttaactatgttggggcattaat
>DMTROPONI  3920 Real 2. site
gcgcaagcgtgctgaggtgcgcaagcgcatggaggaagcctccaaggccaagaaggccaagaagggtttcatgaccccagagaggaagaagaaactcagggtaagtttccagcatataccaacgcttgtatgatcgccagctaatcaaagccctccacttgcagttgctgctgcgtaagaaagccgctgaggagctgaag
>DMTROPONI  4108 Real 3. site
gaggagctgaagaaagaacaggaacgcaaagcggctgaacgtagacgcatcatcgaagaacgttgcggcagtcccaggaatctcagcgatgccagcgaaggtgagtagcctcggtcctcgaaccgaatgattaagatccctgatcaggcgagtggaaatccctagaggtttccctgcacctggtcacggttcgaaaatat
>DMTROPONI  4803 Real 4. site
cacactcaaatctctgatcaagcaacactatgacaggattaataaattggaggaccagaaatatgatcttgagtatgttgttaaacgcaaggatgttgaggtacacgaacaccaccaattttatatacgccacctaaatacgcctaagtctatccacgatcaaaatcaaaagctaacgcttaacaacaacaatataaaca
>DMTROPONI  10474 Real 5. site
aatcgcgtaccctttttcttcccaactctctcaacgtgcctggcttggcaacacagatcaacgatctcaatgcccaagttaacgatcttcgcggcaagttgtaagtacaattgaaataatcgacacgaatgcgataactaatcgattgcattcgaataactttagcgtcaagccagccctgaagaaggtctccaaatacg
>DMTROPONI  10681 Real 6. site
attcgccaagctgcagaagaaggccgctgagttcaacttccgcaaccagctcaaggtggtgaagaagaaggagttcacgctggaggaggaggagaaggaggtaagtgatcatttcccgccataaatgggaacttcagcgacgggggatatccaatattataatctctactcgacgatgaacgaaacactacaccaatcta
>DROSSGA  1680 Real 1. site
cgccttcggctgcttcgacgaggagaatatgggcgtcctgcccgaggatcgcctgagggagctgctgaccaccatgggtgatcggttcacagacgaggatgtatgttgtcaagttgtttacgatatcaagtcggagtgtgcccttacaacttcttttccatttacattcacaggtggacgagatgtatcgggaggcgccc
>DROP40A  301 Real 1. site
gcgccgcgctgatggcgtcaacatcctcaacctgggcaagacctgggagaagctgcagctggcggcccgcgccatcgtggccatcgataacccctcggacgtgagtacaagtgcagaattccatggcataccagtgcggcgtggctagcgtgatgagtttattactaatctttcgggtatgaaattcaatgatttcaact
>DROSUSG  3248 Real 1. site
aatgacgacgaagatgtcgtttacgtgggaccatcgacagatgccgtttgcctccaaaacagcaacagcaccaagtcaaaaaagcctcgcccattagaaggtgaaagctcattcagttgtttcattgattcttcttgtttaatctggatgtattccctagatgaccatgctagcagcattgagttggcgattgccaatgc
>DROSUSG  3544 Real 2. site
ggctaccgccaatccccttcttcagtcaactcgcagcagcaggcgaaggaaacgcaagaaagaacgtgagcgcgagcagaagaaagacaaggagcagcaggtgaggccatcacattatgtccaaatgcaactattagatacccattagctgacaaatgcagtatacccttctgctccaggagcaagatttatatagttgt
>DROSUSG  5545 Real 3. site
gccagttgaccgaggctggcctaactctggtcgagatcggtgagattcagcgcaaagccgaggacgccaagccgcaaacccaagctgaattggaaagcaggtgagctaatcaatgcaaaacaaattacaatttccttattttaatatatatgttcactagcactcctccttcaaagcgggaaacggaggccaacaatagt
>DROSUSG  5730 Real 4. site
gaggccaacaatagtaactcgaagagcaacggactcatcatggtggactacacgcagtacctcaaggatgcacatgtcagcttttcgggtaacgatccgcgtgagtagatggcaccatttgaacttaatctatttcttttcattctcttcacggcgttatgaataattttattaacttgcgaatttcattccagtggacg
>DROPPP  906 Real 1. site
cagctggagaccaaggagggctgccccatcactccgggcgccaatctcaccaagaccttctacttgattccgctggcggctaacaacaaggatcgccatggtaggatttggatgtgatagttgtgattctggatagtttctaatggattatttaattgtgaactcaggtatcgccctggatggtcacttgaaggacgagg
>DROPPP  1168 Real 2. site
attgtcatctcatactcggtgcgcattaagctcaactgcggcactctgggaggtgaaatgcagacggatgtgcccttcaagctgctccaaccggcaccgggtaagcttgcgaagattacttgaacttgacttctagtttgtaattcctttgatgtggtataggaaccattgagaagaagcgctcgaatgccatgaagaaa
>DMDEADBXA  155 Real 1. site
ttgcttgtatttttatttaccgaaatgcaacgaaaggaggccaatccctttcagatcctgggcctacgtccatggttggttaagcagctgaccaagttgggtaatgtcaagccgtccacgggtttacccaagtaattaaacctttgcgctttcaggcctgaagggagcaactccaatccaacagaaatgcatcccagcga
>DMDEADBXA  752 Real 2. site
cattgagcgctgtctgccaaagacaaggcaaaaccttttcttttccgcaaccatgaaggacttcataaaggagtccagcatatttcccattgccagcgatgtaagttttatgaataccctgttgaatggtactaatagatatcttaatccgaatgtagtgttttgaatggtgcgaggcatcagcagtgcgcactgtagag
>DMDEADBXA  977 Real 3. site
cggccgactacgatccggacatggtcttaatagaggcactaagaaagtatcgcgaggagaacgaaaacgctaatgtcatgatcttcaccaacacaaaaaagttagttgcacaataataggaagtaaattctaaggatttaataacgaatcattttaggtactgtcagcttctctcgatgacactgaagaacatggaaatc
>DMDEADBXA  1393 Real 4. site
ggcatgtccatctccatattccgctttccacgcgatctagagcttttggccgccatcgaggaggagatcaacaccaaacttacagagcatcccatcgatcgtaagttttgtggaattagtggcacacaaatactatatttaatatatatattatataaattagagcgcatggtggagagaatctttatgcaagtaaatgt
>DMDEADBXA  1610 Real 5. site
agatgcaattagataataactgtttcgacgagcgagcgcaaaactataggcgaaagacgtggattatggaggggaaggaccccgaccaaatggaagctttgtaagcagaggaaaatacgcatattcgttgtattttataacaatttttgtatcccatccacaggtatcgtaaaaaacagaaggataaactaagggaaata
>DMEHAB  1880 Real 1. site
aagcccttgattttgtgcacctttgtggcagttgcaatgtgcctggtgcattttggaaatgcattgcccgccataagtcattatacgcacaagagatttggtaagctatataaatttccctactttctgtatgctcttgtactaaactactatttctgcttaatgttttcttgcagactccatgggtggcattgattttg
>DMEHAB  1985 Real 2. site
ctatataaatttccctactttctgtatgctcttgtactaaactactatttctgcttaatgttttcttgcagactccatgggtggcattgattttgttcaggtgggttagaaatttaagttttagtgattttaatataaataaatatttaacttaaatcatattgggtcattattaaaatgatgtgaaaatgtactttcca
>DMOSBP2  273 Real 1. site
ctttggtcggcgtgtcagtgcgtctgtccttttaatcgccttgtcgctgctcagcggagcgctgatcctgccgccggctgcggcgcagcgtgacgagaacgtgggttaatgaagtgcccggccgcactgctgcgcctccgccctgccacgcccacttaagcaacaatttttaattgcagtatccaccgccgggcatcctg
>DMOSBP2  428 Real 2. site
ttaagcaacaatttttaattgcagtatccaccgccgggcatcctgaaaatggccaagcccttccacgacgcgtgtgtggagaagacgggcgtaaccgagggtgagtagcaaatggcaatgggccccgccgcgaaaagtgagcccataattgcagcaatcgggggaggagggggtccttatgaaccctcagccatgtgcta
>DMOSBP2  1114 Real 3. site
gctgatggagatgtccaagggctgcgtccatccggagggcgatacgctgtgccacaaggcctggtggttccaccagtgctggaaaaaggccgatcccaaggtgcgaccgaaatccttttaagctgagacccaattcccaatttcttcattgcagcactacttcttgccgtgaacacctggccacctttcagcccagttcc
>DMU35631  476 Real 1. site
ctcgtaggcacattcccctccagcttaatgttttcttgcgcaacgatgacgatggtgaagttcgtgaagttactcaaaatgccaacacaagctccatagggtagaatattctatttacaccattataatgagcaaatatattaatgtatcccccaatgcccagcaccataccatcgaatggcctggtcgaaagcgatgtg
>DMU35631  2079 Real 2. site
catgcgaaaattggctatgggcagcgttttgaactcaaatgctaaggagttccaccctaccggagaatcccatctaacccacaaagtgtctagattgagcgtaagttactgcaccgtaagtttaatcctcattagataacctttctatattggacaattacagcaaagacgctgtcgacagcgttttacgcgctctttac
>DMU35631  3476 Real 3. site
cgcagttgcacatcgatcagcccttaaaggcagccgtttggacttactggcagccgaacaactccaccaatcaaacactggccctcgccaaactgtgcccgtaaggtggacaaaactagaaattacgctgtatattaagttaacctaatttgcagaatcttcgggctgccaatttatatgggtgctcaggccagcaatag
>DMU35631  3764 Real 4. site
atgcttatacatctgttgcatcagcgcaagaccaccttaaccgatggcgctcagcatatgctgcaaaagtattatgtgatctccaggaaagagcgaccgagtaagtctaattccattaagcagcaaatcgtcttcctagcttcaaagcgaagggtcgtgtcagtacggctttatgaaacacagatcaacaaacacaacaa
>DMU66357  16 Real 1. site
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxtacaattttaaagatggtgagtggacgtcggtaaatgtggtgcactaaaatgtggtttgtgggcaggcgaatgatgaggaatagaaataagagctcactcaaagtgccgcagcatg
>DMU66357  564 Real 2. site
caacctggacaagctctggtccctggtcggagccgagaagttcgccgagctggagaaggagaagagcaccaaggctcccgtcatcgacttggttaaattcgtaagtttcgcccgaattccccatccagctacgcgaactctgctgccgctttcaacatgaagatacacccaaggcgatgggcggacagaatgctaccgta
>DMBCDG  1580 Real 1. site
gcatccgcactcccatccgcatccgcactcgcatccgcacccacatcaccaacatccgcagcttcagttgccgccacaattccgaaatcccttcgatttggtgagttcccatcgcagcagagaagggctcttgtcccaggaaagctacagtacagattccctatggtgaacaaacaaccagtgcgatcactgatgaccat
>DMBCDG  2215 Real 2. site
agtgtaccccttgattctttgaagcttttcgatgagcgaacgggagcgataaactacaactacatacgtccgtatctgcccaaccagatgcccaagccaggtgagctcaaagccaacaaagtcagccatcgtcttatcagatgtctttccctcagaggagctgcccgactctctggtgatgcggcgaccacgtcgcaccc
>DMBCDG  3214 Real 3. site
gtgtggcatcggcatcggcggaccttgcgccatcgccgttggcgagacggaggcggccgacgacatggacgacggaacgagcaagaagacgacgctacaggtcaggcatgagtccacaaccttttttgatctcttgattctgagtgtggcgtttataaattgaagctttaagctttgtaactttcaaactgtctggtttg
>AF039233  368 Real 1. site
gctcgcactctgggctcgctcgcccaggactttggcatgggcggcggctcgggggcgtgtccgcccgcccacatgtacggcgccgtagccccgcaggacagtaagtgaagttctctagaggagcagcagtcatagtgaactccttttcgagttgttattctaaaatcgatttgtggccaagtattgtggacaatcctaaa
>AF039233  873 Real 2. site
gcgcgacgaactggactccttgatcacggccatcaccacgaacggagcccatcccagcaagtgcgtgaccatacagcgcaccctcgatggtcgcttgcaggtaggttgagtctctcagactttttgcatcgaatttgataatgtgtattagcaatgaacttaccactttaccattctctatcgaaggttgctggacgcaa
>AF039233  1314 Real 3. site
atggacatcgatggcaacgacatcggcaccatacagcaccatcccacgcaaatggtggggcccggcggctacggatatccacagggtccctctgaatatggtaagactacagtattgacattaattcgatatagtttgagttttcgatactggatttcttgataatttttctatattatttataattttaaactgaattg
>AF039233  1737 Real 4. site
ggtcagcccccgcagcaacaacagcagcagccgcagcagcaaaccccgcaacctacacagcagcagcaggcacaatcgcaggcagctgctcactcactccgtaaggatatggccttgattatagtagaagcttcgaaaatctaattttaatttacctttttttttatatgttggattttaaactattataatatttgtct
>AF039233  2508 Real 5. site
gccggaggcggtgcggctggcacctggacagggcccaacaccctcacctacacgcagtctatgcaaccaccagatccgcgctctctacccgggggcttctgtaagtctaggctatgtagcccactgtgcgactttgtaatccctgtccttcattttccagggaattcgtcgctttcgggtgacctcggctccccgcaaca
>AF039233  2851 Real 6. site
acgtaatcatcgacggctatgtggatccctctggaggcaatcgattctgtctgggcgccttgagcaatgttcatcgcactgaacaatcggaacgggccaggtgagtacatccccctgggagtaacttgcagagcagggattaattaccaagttccatgcaggctccacatcggcaagggcgtgcaattggatctgcgtgg
>AF039233  3081 Real 7. site
tgacaattcagttttcgtacaaagctattatctggatcgcgaggcaggacgcacacctggcgatgctgtgcacaagatttatccggccgcgtgcataaaggttggtgcaatcatgagagtttaatgtgatagcttaacatacattttctcatgcaggtgtttgacctgcgccagtgccaccagcagatgcactcgctggc
>AF039233  3264 Real 8. site
cagatgcactcgctggcgaccaatgcgcaggcagcggccgctgctcaggcggcagccgtggccggagtggccaatcagcaaatgggcggcggcggaaggagtaagtagatggaatcagtttgatttagggacaactaatgtgttgatgcggtattccaggcatgacagcagcggctggaattggcgtggacgatctgcgc
>DMU51047  338 Real 1. site
ttgctccggcttcggatttgcaaactcattagtatgaattcattagagtgtcggcacccatcgcgaacggacaacgacgcttaatgatgtcaaaggaaaggtgagtttttaaacgccggtagacccgagaattttcattcattcatcgtgcttggttacagcagcctggaaacttgcgaacttactctgcccgtgggcca
>DMU51047  676 Real 2. site
ctgcacccactatgcagagaagccaacccagaggggcttactgacccgtgaaatcgaaggcggcgaggattgtctgtatctgaacgtctattccaagcaggtaatttaggccaaagactaccttttctttaatcactgatatctgctgacttactttcgaagctgaaaagtgagaagccattgccggtgatggtgtacat
>DMU51047  889 Real 3. site
ttcaccgtaggagaggccacccgcgaattgtacggcccggactattttatgaccaaagatgttgttcttgtgacgcttaactatcgcgtggattgtttgggtgagtaagctgaaattgatagcaattatcttatcaatcataaccgttggttgttatgcctgtgctttgtaatctttgtgcttaaaatgaccatctactt
>DMU51047  1820 Real 4. site
cagtagcgagaaagagaatctggagtacagccagcgtctgatgaaggcctacttcggatattcgccacccagctcagagctacttttgaatatgctcgatgtaagtaaaaattctaaccaatgtggttttgtttgcttttttcgagtttattgcgaaactatatattatatattttctctcttagttttattcctacaaa
>DMHAIRG  5740 Real 1. site
aatggttaccggcgtaacagcagccaacatgaccaacgttctgggcaccgccgttgtgccggcccagctcaaggagacgccgctcaaaagtgaccgtcgggtaagtttctttcgagaaaaataagactcgaaaaaaaaaaaccaaagccaaaaacaaaaaaccccgtcaatggattaaatcagaacctctagttccccga
>DMHAIRG  6857 Real 2. site
gcagtcgaacaagcccatcatggagaaacgccgacgtgcccgtattaacaactgtctcaatgaactcaagactctgattctggatgccaccaaaaaagacgtaagtatcagacaaaaatataagttaaaagccacaaaaaaataaaaaaaactacatatttgaaattatctcaaatattttttaaaagtttaaatcattg
>DMSADENO  429 Real 1. site
tggagaacggttcgcacttcttcgagggtgttgagaaactccttgagatttggtttgaggagagctccaacggtgacgatgatctgcgtaacatcagcaggtgagtccctcaacaagtgcggaacccaaacagccgacatcgtcctttgtgcacaagtgcatgcacagttgcgggcaaaagtatacgtacatatgcgccg
>DMSADENO  1048 Real 2. site
tgatatttttcagatctgattgggaaaacgtgcttagcaatgtcaactgtcaaataataagcacatccaaaaacgacattattgatgcttttgtgttaaggtatgcgaatatataaaactaaacttaataaaatattattaattattttaaatttgtattcggtgcgagcagtgagagcagtatgtttgtttcaaagcga
>DMSADENO  1289 Real 3. site
atgcctgggtcagttgcttaagctggctgaggccaatggatacaatgtggtcgcagacttgttctactcgcgaaaaaatttcactagaccggaggcgcaggtgggcaaaaaaattaattgcatttcaaataattttatatcatatatattcagataactccccatcaaggctttacggaggaagttacgtatctggactc
>DMSADENO  1621 Real 4. site
tccagatcaaactattgaaatattaatgcaagatctagatcccgaaaccatgtcaatcttctataaaaacaagtttaatgatgctaatggcgctactgtggtatgaggatatattttaaatgattaaaaccaatacatatagattgtgatttcagaaatctggtatcgataccatattgccgactatgcacattgatgac
>DMSADENO  1769 Real 5. site
atttcagaaatctggtatcgataccatattgccgactatgcacattgatgactttttgttcgatccttgcggctactccatgaatggaatcaacgataaggtaacatagaaaaattttacaagaactattgacataaattctttatagggggagtacatgacaattcatattactccggagaatcaattttcgtatgtga
>DMTHR  1626 Real 1. site
atgcaagagcgtgcgacggcactgcatattggcgtatggattgtgcgcattagatgcgtatattaattggaaaccggcggcggagcagagagcaaatgtggtgggtatttttatctaattttgtggaattttaatgctacatttcaatactattgcagagccctcacaagcccttgctgggagtagtcaaatactcaatg
>DROXPACDR  1471 Real 1. site
tgaccaatgcccaaaaggcgcggatcgaaaggaaccaggccaaggcgcagaaattgcgggaggccaagttggtttcgcatccattcaaggagctggccaggtgggctatccattaaccaatactcccgagcgattatacctaaccggtagtccaatctccgacagcaacaaggagggtggcacccatccggaggcggcgc
>DMU19731  2558 Real 1. site
cctcatctgcggctgccacaccaaccagacgatcaatatctacgagccccgctccggacccaatatcgttcagctaatccaggcgaaattcaagtttcaggtatggatttttcccaacttagagcaaaaaaaataaaaactcagttaggcggggaacgtataaaaatcgatattggggcaactcggcggatgagtcatgc
>DROECDINME  66 Real 1. site
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxagttgttgtggagtcgagcagctgaccagatcaacatgaggccataccaagtagtttgcatcgtaggtaagtctcgcatatcgaagctgaccagttctggaagtcccataattaactggtatgcgcccatttccttttagcagtagcagctctgctgcttttggag
>DMKNIRPS  2656 Real 1. site
ggatttctttacaatcttccagatgaaccagacatgcaaagtgtgcggtgagccggcggcgggcttccattttggcgccttcacctgcgagggctgcaaggtaagttgtgtctcaagaaatccattgacaaataaattagcagaacgtaacccccaaggggttagttttagaaatgttcgaggaacaggccatcggcgat
>DMSPXGENE  220 Real 1. site
agcatttttgcatgttgaaaacgccgaaaattagtttttggttttgtttataaaaatagctccgaaatggcggcaggtccaattgctgaacgcaaccaaggtgggtttgacctccactccacatttgcaccacttgggagacgctttaacccgccttttccgttccttccacagatgccaccatctatgccggcggtctt
>DROTUBA4  340 Real 1. site
ttcgcgtggcgaccaaaaaaattataaaaaaaaggtcccgcattagattttaatttgtatacacccaattttagtccagcaaaaaaaaactaataaaatggtgagaagaagaaaaactaattagtttaagaattgctgaaagcgggaagtgaaatttaaaatcagaaaagatgtgtaagaagatgtgaaatgaaaaggtg
>DMSUHW  2547 Real 1. site
cgacatgcttaagaacctggagaagatcgagaaggatgccgtggtgatggagaagaaggacatatgcttctgctgcagcgaaagttacgacaccttccatgtaagtcataaagattgaaaccaagaggaattagcataacttacgcataccacattttcctttcagttgggtcacattaactgtcccgactgccccaagt
>DMSUHW  3041 Real 2. site
gatcgcatttgaagcagcatttgggcacacaggtggttaaaaagccggagtacatgtgccacacgtgcaagaattgtttctacagcctgtccacgctcaagtacgttctctaaaagattttaaacgatataaagtaatgttcggtatattttcgcagcattcacatacgcactcatacgggggagaaaccatttgactgc
>DMSUHW  3231 Real 3. site
atttgactgcgatctttgcgacaagaagttttctgcattggtggcccttaaaaagcatcgacgctatcacactggcgagaaaccatacagttgcactgtggttagtcttaaaacttccgtaacttttcatttaacctattgtaacaatgcggtattctattacctttagtgcaaccaagcatttgccgtaaaggaagtgc
>DMSUHW  3491 Real 4. site
agagttttatccgggccacccagctgcgcacccattccaaaacccatattcgcccctttccctgtgagcaatgcgacgaaaaattcaaaacagagaaacagtaagatattaaaaaaccttttatcttttctgttagccctacttacttattgcaattttgtttcgcagacttgagcgccatgtgaagacccattctcgca
>DMSUHW  3684 Real 5. site
tctcgcacaaaacgccccgtcttttcctgcgccgagtgcaagcgtaatttccgcactccagcattgctcaaggagcatatggacgagggaaaacacagccgtaagttggaatcgacaattggcaataatcaaggctttaatcccgctcctaccctttgtagcgaaacaacaacggtcatcaatgcgatcggccgtcaaaa
>DMRLB1A  368 Real 1. site
ctggcatcaccgtttcttagcacggactcaagcctgagtctattatttcaaccaccactgtaacgaaaacagcatggacagattgaaattcaataatttggtaaataaacgattttatttaaaattatagagttttaattaaaaagaacttttacaggtgatatccaacaagaaggtcattcaaaaggcacgcgcccaga
>DROEST6A  1411 Real 1. site
cgcaaatatggaaagagtcctgcctacgcttatgtctatgacaatccagccgaaaaaggaatcgcacaggtcctggccaatcgaaccgattatgattttggtaaggaaatcgtacttttaaatggacttagttaaatcattacttttataggaactgtacacggtgacgactactttttgatattcgaaaatttcgtacg
>DMU21218  3150 Real 1. site
cagctttcgggtctccgatgatatgggcaagctgcgtctgcagttcaagctctttcacaagccgctcttcagctggaagggcagatatgtggtcacccaggtgagtaatttccaatttcctccatttcgttcgctcgatttgtcgtcgaatgagtgggcctttggggaattccgcaaacaactttcccaacggtctttta
>DROESCOMBS  487 Real 1. site
tgggtttcatttaaccgtacaaacgtgccgcgcgttcgaaatgagcagtgataaagtgaaaaacggcaacgagcccgaggagtcggaggaatcatgcggcgtgagtagcgaatgacaaatggctgtgcgaaccgagaattaatggatcttttgggccatgtgccggctgcaggatgagtcggccagctataccaccaaca
>DROESCOMBS  693 Real 2. site
cctcgcgcagcaagtccccgtcatccagcacgcgcagcaagcgccgcggtcgccggagcaccaaatcgaagccaaaaagtcgcgccgcctacaaatatgagtaagaatatgcactttctcagctggccactgatactgaacctacaaatgattaccacgaagcacccacgtgaaggagaatcatggagccaacatcttcg
>DROESCOMBS  927 Real 3. site
gccacaggtcttcgctacggcgggcagcaaccgggtgaccgtctacgagtgccctcgacagggcgggatgcagctgctccactgctacgcagatccggatgtgagtcgccaggatacagaatacactttcaagaccctattgatcagttggctaaagttaggggcttcttacattagacatcgcattcgaagctgtagaa
>U00145  1558 Real 1. site
ttctggttatcccgttgagcaaatatcctaaattttaagcaaaatggctggacgcgatgcggcttccaatcagttgattgactacaaaaactcccaaacggtgagtgtgttggtgtgcgagcgcgagagagcgcaactgcatgtgtgtgcgtgtgtgtgccggcaggaaaataagaaaacaagaaggcaaaaagacaaaa
>U00145  5999 Real 2. site
ccccttcgatgtcaccaaggtctggtcgcagaaggagtaccctctgattcctgtgggcaaaatggtgctggatcgcaatcccaagaactactttgctgaggttcgtttttttttttgtttcaaatagattcttcttcatttgagattaatgcaatcaaaagaaagataactaatatggtaattttctgaccctcaggtgg
>DROMYLA  769 Real 1. site
ctcttaaaacatcattgtcttggcgataaaatcagccagagattcagtgtgctctgacggctcgactcgattagacaacacatcaaagttgagcaccatggtaaggactcgtcccggaatatcactacaatccaactgaaccgaactgaaccagaaccgaatcgaactggaccccagtgcctggatatatgcagcaagga
>DROMYLA  1681 Real 2. site
gagagcgtcgggcggatcccgtggctccaggaagtcgaagcgcgctggctcctcggtcttctctgtgttctcccagaagcagatcgccgagttcaaggaggtgagttttgggcgttactcatatatcgcatcatatgtcggatcactcgagacccatcccatcatcctgtcatcctaccatctatcgcacttgtcaagga
>AF018964  116 Real 1. site
catgaacttctacaacatcttcgttttcgtcgctctcattctggccatcaccattggacaatcggaagctgggtggctgaagaaaattggcaagaaaatcgtaagtctttccatttgaattttgttgagccggaaactaactgactaacttcttttcgaaggaacgcgttggtcagcacactcgggatgccacaatccag
>DMTOSCAP2  1890 Real 1. site
actggccaaggcgtgcaaatttatactaaaaacggaacaggaagacatgcgaatagcattaaaaaagattccaagttacctcaatatgcgcaatcttgaggtaagttaacttgcggttaggtctgaattgtaagactaataatcctttaatccaggtagatgacgactatattgaaaacttcatgaaagcggaggccacc
>DMACP54  857 Real 1. site
ctattcttggttctcgtttgcgtactcggcttggtccagtcctgggaatggccgtggaataggaagcctacaaagtttccaattccaagccccaatcctcgtaagttgtgtcctctccagttccgacatttaaccatttaaccagcgtaaccatttctttcgtaggtgataagtggtgccgacttaatttggggcccgcc
>DMWHITE  7757 Real 1. site
gcaggggaaagtgtgaaaaatcccggcaatgggccaagaggatcaggagctattaattcgcggaggcagcaaacacccatctgccgagcatctgaacaatgtgagtagtacatgtgcatacatcttaagttcacttgatctataggaactgcgattgcaacatcaaattgtctgcggcgtgagaactgcgacccacaaaa
>DMWHITE  11153 Real 2. site
cagccgggctccggatggcggcagctggtcaaccggacacgcggactattctgcaacgagcgacacataccggcgcccaggaaacatttgctcaagaacggtgagtttctattcgcagtcggctgatctgtgtgaaatcttaataaagggtccaattaccaatttgaaactcagtttgcggcgtggcctatccgggcgaa
>DMWHITE  11882 Real 3. site
cttccgagctgtttgagctctttgacaagatccttctgatggccgagggcagggtagctttcttgggcactcccagcgaagccgtcgacttcttttcctagtgagttcgatgtgtttattaagggtatctagcattacattacatctcaactcctatccagcgtgggtgcccagtgtcctaccaactacaatccggcgga
>DMWHITE  12259 Real 4. site
ggccacctggttcatgcagttccgggcggtcctgtggcgatcctggctgtcggtgctcaaggaaccactcctcgtaaaagtgcgacttattcagacaacggtgagtggttccagtggaaacaaatgatataacgcttacaattcttggaaacaaattcgctagattttagttagaattgcctgattccacacccttctta
>DMWHITE  12611 Real 5. site
gggccaacaactcacgcaagtgggcgtgatgaatatcaacggagccatcttcctcttcctgaccaacatgacctttcaaaacgtctttgccacgataaatgtaagtcttgtttagaatacatttgcatattaataatttactaactttctaatgaatcgattcgatttaggtgttcacctcagagctgccagtttttatg
>AF032921  440 Real 1. site
gtcactggccagttggaaaaacagtatcgaagtgaataagaaccccaagtacacagatgagtggcccgaagaggatcacgacctagccgaggatgatctggtaggcatgaatatacatacgtttgcaaagtcctgacctttcatcctttcagaatgctgccatgaacgaggttgagggagatccaaagccatctaacagt
>AF032921  549 Real 2. site
aatatacatacgtttgcaaagtcctgacctttcatcctttcagaatgctgccatgaacgaggttgagggagatccaaagccatctaacagtagcaatttagtatgagaccgtagtacatactgtagaaaaagttaaacatagcttcttttcagccagacattctcaatcgcaagcggaagggcacgaccagcggcgataa
>AF032921  838 Real 3. site
agggctatgtcattgtgtacacagatggctcctgcataggcaacggacgaaccggcgcctgtgccggctatggcgtttatttcggcaagaatcaccagctgtaagtggtaactgcagcacaataactttgttataagctatatgttctttgcagaaacgcagccaagcccgtggaaggacgcgttacaaataatgtaggt
>AF032921  1163 Real 4. site
aagggattggaagctaaagaacaatcagcctgttaaaaacgttgttgacttcaaggaactggataaactgcttcaggacaacaacattaccgtgaaatgggtgcgtaactaaatttaaataaggtcctggaaaatacttgacttcagttaatatccccagaactatgtggaggcccacaagggcatagagggcaatgaaa
>AB003910  3677 Real 1. site
cacgagaccgtctacaactcgatcatgaagtgcgacgtggacatccgcaaggatctgtatgccaactccgtgctgtccggcggtaccaccatgtaccctggtaagacaaatcattcgcttcagcagttgcacttgtgcttaatcctttggtgcactttcaggtattgccgatcgtatgcagaaggagatcactgccctgg
>AF069297  1374 Real 1. site
ggcagcaactggtggcagtgcgaatctccggagaatccacaacaccccaaccacagaagcaacagcaaccgcaatcacagcgaaaaagcgcaaaatggtggtaagtacgagccgaaagtgagtttgagatcaaggtgaacggagtctcagcgaaatcgagtggttcccttatcgcctccaactgaaatcaatcgaccacc
>DMJ000880  2805 Real 1. site
ggaacacagacaacacgctgttcaccgaggttgctgtccaggatcagctcctcgagggtctgaagctgtccctggagggcaactttgctcctcagtctgggtaaggatcacatgttattacatatatgttcactgcagaataattaatattgcatatttaattaaaaatcgtcagaaacaagaacggcaagttcaaggtt
>DMJ000880  3108 Real 2. site
ccggctaccagaccgcatttgacacacaacagtccaagctgaccaccaacaactttgcccttggctacaccaccaaggactttgttctgcacacagctgtgtaagtattgcaattgccacgcatggcaaatgaaatcaatgcaaactaatgattgccttgtccggtgtttagcaacgatggccaggagttcagcggctcg
>DMAURG  250 Real 1. site
tgaccatgtgctgcgtcccaaggaaaatgctccgcacagaatgccagaaaaatcagctgccgtgctcaatatgcaaaagaacttgctattgggaaagaaggtaagttaagtggtaaatctctggagtgcagctgaaactcttatttggtaccattgtgatacagcccaacagcgagaatatggctccagatagcaaaccc
>DMAURG  645 Real 2. site
gagtcactttccaagcagaaacccactgctgcgagctctgaatcctccaaggaactgggtgcggccagcagctccgctgaaaaagagaaaaccaagactggtgggttaatggttcagctgtaatcttttgcaattaccaaactcaattgtaattttctgcagaaacccagccccagaagccgaagaagacctgggagctc
>DMAJ5042  4044 Real 1. site
cgacctcgtcgattgcacgttggccgccggcgggcggagttttcccgcccacaagatagtcctgtgcgccgcctccccctttctgctggacttgctaaaggtaagttgcctcggttcggaaacactgccttaaaacacctttcaataagagagcttgtacataacctcaaacgtttcgtacagtttgtaaacagagaatc
>DMAJ5042  6864 Real 2. site
cagaccattgtgacaaccgacgcggctaaacatgaccaggcagtgattcaggcttttcttccggcacgcaaacgcaaaccacgcgtaaagaaaatgtcacgtaagttaaaaacttatttttgtaaacagttgattcagaaaatttgtccaataaactctgaacgtattgggtaagaatttagaaacaaaaaataataaca
>DMAJ5042  7319 Real 3. site
acaccagcacaaggagccactggctcatctggcggcaatacaagcggcgtcctatccacgccaaaggcaaaacgcgctaaacatccgcccggaacagagagtgagttttaatttcggtgtattcacttgccggcttaaagttattactaattataagtatatatttgagaataatgcattttgttagagccagtgaatac
>DROPCNA  804 Real 1. site
ggcacgcctgggtcaagccaccatcctgaagaagatcttggatgccatcaaggatctgctcaatgaggctaccttcgattgcagcgactccggcattcaggtaaaaattgcacaaaaaagattttaaatgcatatccctaacaccttgttcaacttacagctacaggccatggacaactcccatgtgtcgcttgtctcgc
>DROARRA  496 Real 1. site
aatttcaaggtgttcaagaagtgttccccgaacaacatgatcacgctctacatgaacaggcgtgattttgtagattccgtgactcaggtggaacccattggtaggtgtcacagaccgaaacccttgagcaatgggatttacgaatgaggaaatccatcaaaaaataaattcgtgtaggaattggtacccatattcgattg
>DROARRA  1723 Real 2. site
tgtatctggtgcccaccctggtggccaattgcgaccgcgcaggcatcgccgttgagggtgatatcaagcgcaaagacacagctctggcctcgaccacactgtgagtaaaatttattcacatcatagcttagcagatgaaacattaatattatactctattaagtatcaacttaaaatcataccataaaatcaatcaaatt
>DROARRA  2086 Real 3. site
tggcataattgtttcatatgctgtgaaggtcaagcttttcttgggagccctgggcggcgagctctgcgctgagctaccatttattctgatgcacccgaaggtaataaaaggtgtgcccaaatatttgaatagttattgaaaggcaatcaattatttacagccaagtcgcaaggcccaactggaagccgagggctccattg
>AF069531  380 Real 1. site
ccattatatcacgcaatcccatcgaggacatgccatcgcatcgcgatgacaaactttctggatcaattgcccaagcatatcagagaaatcgccgagcagggtaagagttttggggttccaacaactttattcaagagccaactaaattcctgtactccagttaatgttctcgcaccggaggaggtgctgacaactcccaa
>AF069531  602 Real 2. site
cagcaatcgctgcacacaatcgtgcgaaaatgcactccggatgatgttagggtgctcaaggatgcggcagccaagtggctggcagagatgccccagtcaggtgattctcagactaatgtataagtagcctcttgtgtttagtttgccactatttattacagcggattccctcttcaagccgcttgtcaatgttagatggt
>AF069531  1007 Real 3. site
gagaagattgctgcagatgagcaaagcctgcgagaagaggcatcccgaaatggagctgaattttctgggaaacatctttgtggaaaatcacattgaggcagtgagtcgacaaaccaatttgtagccatatgcttatttaatattaatccaaaggaacctctcctggcgtgcgttataaaccgcattccgcgactgatgca
>DMLAMINC  535 Real 1. site
ccgccgctcgcaagctgctcgatgagaccgccaaagagaaggccaagcttgagatcgatatcaagcgtctgtgggaggagaacgacgacttgaagcccaggtaaagctccaagacggcgggttcaggtttgggctcggaattggtaacagcgtattatcagccagtgatgtcatatgtacatatgtacccatgccgggcc
>DMLAMINC  3494 Real 2. site
atctgctcttgccaccgaggaagtccgtctcatgcgcaccaaaatcgatggattgaacgctaagctacagaatctggaggacaccaatgctggcttgaatgtgagtactgcaattgccaaactaaattccccgtgtgattttaatattgatattttctcatttgctataggctcgcatacgggagctggagaacctcttg
>DMLAMINC  4287 Real 3. site
tgccggtaccgcacatgatccacccaacaatctggtgatgaagaagaagtggccggtggccaactcgatgcgatcggtgctggccaatgccgacaaagaggtgagagtcttgtccatatacaacacatgcggcacttgcgacatctgccgccactgcagacacctcgaattcgtgctcgaccagtacgatatgccataga
>AF037336  400 Real 1. site
catatttagcctatctctggcacttggcatcgcctccgccaccgattattgcaaaaagagctgcggaagcaccaagaatctgggatgcgacaataatggagtgagtaatcatggctataatccttagcataggaaggggttctaatccgggattagaactattccctcgggaataaatacttacttacttatactttttc
>AF020309  1126 Real 1. site
tcgtcagaagatcaaaagcctggacgtcgtgggcaagatccggcgtgagatccagaacctaaagctcttccgccatccgcacatcatcaagttgtaccaggtgagttcatggttccaagcttagactttctaagtccaagctttccaggaaactgggttactggtttcctcttccaattacgctggccagctactaataa
>DMU21552  505 Real 1. site
cgcgcaaccatggaaatagtggccctgaaacgggtgcgactggacgaggacgacgagggtgtgcctagttctgccctccgggagatctgcctgctgaagggtcagtcggatgagcaggaagtgattccagtttataaactaaatcggcacattaccatccgcagagctgaagcacaagaacattgtgcgcctcatagacg
>DMU21552  756 Real 2. site
acctcaagaagtactttgacagcctcaacggggagatcgacatggccgtctgcaggagctttatgctccaactgctccgcggactggccttctgccacaggtatacctatatatgtatcagcactggattagggtttatcttgtatcggtgatagttagaatcaagtgttatttggagtaactgcatctgtggcacattt
>DMU21552  1281 Real 3. site
gtgctcgatcagctgatgaagatcttccgtgtgctgggcacccccaacgaggactcctggccaggagtttcgcacctctccgactacgtggcgcttccatgtagggattctagacggattttatttatcgataccaatattaaaagcctatttatattatagcttttccggccatcacctcgtggagtcagctggtacct
>DRODCDRK  218 Real 1. site
aacatttgatttatgcgaatatctcagtttggccgctgtcgtcctgtctccgaattcgagaaactgaaccgcgttggcgagggcagctatggaattgtctgtaagtttggttccatatgcatttaacgcattcggttaacctgaaatcccctgcagatcgcgcacgtgacacccgtagcaatgagattgtggccttaaag
>DRODCDRK  652 Real 2. site
gtgcttaaagccttgaagtatctccattcgcgctttatgatccatagggatctaaaggtatccaatctgctgatgaccgacaagggctgcattaaagttggtaagaacataaaccatatataatcccgatatcggctaatttctattccccagctgattttggactggcccgcatgtttagcaatcccccgaaaccaatg
>DRODCDRK  1152 Real 3. site
ggcaggaatctcctgaacattttgtttatctataacccaaaaacgagagccacggccgaagagtgcctgaaaagcaagtactttgtcgatccgccgcagggtgagttggaatttctattgcgacaaagaaaattttcaagtgactaaaccattttccacttttagcttgtgacccgggcatgatgcccactttccctcag
>AF035549  1640 Real 1. site
atatagcatataggatataggatatagaagggcctaccaaaatgtccaaacgccaccgcctcacgccctttaccattgccaaggagccagaggccgccatgtaagtcaaaatggtcaaatcctggccagaaacgaattgtgaattgaactacattcggcaatccttttagagtcccgccacgcaacctggactcgcgggc
>AF035549  2101 Real 2. site
tgtctggatttgcatggaggtgatgagcaccagcctggacaagttctatccgaaggtcttccttcacgatctgcgaatggaggaaagcgtgctgggcaaggtcagctggggaggattgggggcgggtctaatcttatcgggcaatcgccactatactattaccgtactactgcctttgctttacagattgccatgagcgt
>AF035549  2320 Real 3. site
ctgcacgctcaactgaaagtcattcatcgggacgtcaagccctcgaacatactgatcaatcgggccggccaggtcaagatctgtgactttggcatctcaggtgggctggcattctgtgacttcttgccactgtaatcattctaatattggactgacttttaggctacctcgtcgactccattgccaaaaccattgatgcc
>AF035549  2585 Real 4. site
caggtcggatgtttggtcgctgggcatcggcatgatcgaaatggccacgggccgctacccatacgacaattggcgaacgccatttgagcaactgcgtcaggtgagtgcctacctctggctggtaactgtcacaaagaggatcttcaagatttttccggacaaaatatgtgtcatttagtcaatttgggattttaggtcct
>DMDRCIV2  408 Real 1. site
tgatgccatgttcccagtgaatcacatcgccggcgagaatatcatccagcagggcgatgaaggcgacaacttctacgtgattgatgtgggagaggtcgatgtaagtatatttatttttcttgctatgacctttgaattgggtttgcatcattatgaatatgttcacatctccgccaggttttcgtcaactccgaactagt
>DMDRCIV2  860 Real 2. site
cttcgatgacggtgagacgattgtcaagcagggagcagctggcgatgacttctacatcatcctcgagggctgtgcggtggtgctgcagcagcgttctgaggtgagtgaccgcgatcagacaccatgggacacctaaaaagagacactctaatcaactcgtttatctaatcagcagggcgaggatcccgccgaggtgggcc
>DMDRCIV2  1072 Real 3. site
gcgattactttggcgagattgctctgcttttggaccgaccacgtgcagcgactgttgtagctcgtgggccgctcaaatgcgtcaaactggaccgggcgaggtaagtgcagtggcttgagtgctaagacaaataggcaggtgtatgttaatgaccttaagcaattataaaatcaattgtctccagtaacttctccagtagc
>DMKR  305 Real 1. site
tgttttctgtgtgcgggaaaacattgcgcgacacaaaattaggagcacaagaagaatttgttgatgtccatatcaatgcttcaagacgcacaaacgcgaagtaagtatagaccaaattaaaatattccccaagaaagtaaactatctagaacttctagtgtccccgatcactttctcattattaaacagtccgatgtctt
>DMU49249  1908 Real 1. site
accaacactacaccgtcgaggtgggggacaccaacttcaccatccacagtcggtacattaatctacggcccataggatcaggtgcccaaggaatagtatggtaagtggttatcaatatgttattacatataatacatttaacaattttttggcttaaacaattaagatatttcgcatgagtatgaagtcatatttgtaac
>DMU49249  2217 Real 2. site
tgtggcgattaagaaactatctcgaccattccaaaatgtaacccatgccaagcgagcatatagggaattcaagctaatgaagcttgttaaccataaaaacgtatgaaacttgcacctttaactttaacaaatttctactaaacataggtatttaatccgtagataattggcttacttaatgcttttacgccgcaaaggaa
>DMU49249  2477 Real 3. site
ggtcatccaaatggacttggatcacgacagaatgtcctatttgctttatcaaatgttgtgcggaataaaacatttacactcagcaggaattattcacagagtacgtacagtatgaatacatctttaaaatgagtatgaaatatatgaaatacttcatttgcaggacttaaagccatccaatatagttgtaaaggccgact
>DMU49249  2805 Real 4. site
gtggacatatggtccgtcggttgcattatgggcgaaatgatacggggcggtgtgctgtttcctggaacggatcatatagatcagtggaataaaattattggtatgttgctgcttaaataacttgattctcgttatgattgtcaacttttacgttttttcagagcaattaggtacaccatcaccctcgtttatgcaacggt
>DMU49249  3150 Real 5. site
taaaatgctagtcattgatccagagcagcggatatctgtggacgaggctttgaagcatgaatatatcaacgtgtggtatgatgctgaggaagtggatgctgtaagtgattctggcattaactggatttctaggaatgttgaatgtttttaatcgcttaattgcatgcatctcttgcagcccgctccggagccatatgatc
>DROSSL  394 Real 1. site
attgttgtcactgagctgtctgtcattatgaaatagtaggtctcgtcattttgcactgtactttttcattatattttattcgagtgagcatgtcgtgtccgtaagtaactaggtttttcctataaaaatcatagcaaattacaccaaaatcttttagcaggagcatcgagataccagatggcagttggatcgattggttc
>DROSSL  973 Real 2. site
tgctggacggagccatgttcgggaccagcttcccgcatatgttctttatgcagctgccgagcctgataccctctccgcccgtggagaagtacatcccccggtgagtaattcttcgaatataatccttgttcttttctacacaaagcacttgcacttccagtatctatggcttccagttgcacaagaaggccctgatgccg
>AF062478  239 Real 1. site
tctcgatcccaagtgcgattcccgttggtaacatactgcccgttcggtaggcaacaaaatggtgaacgtaaccatttacgatgaggcaccgcagctgaaggtaggccaatgtcacggtaatagaagccctcagagttggtccataaagatattcataatcgccataatcagttggctggcgagttggctcgatatcagag
>AF062478  2837 Real 2. site
aagtaccgcccacgctgccccatcatcgcggtcacccgtttcgcgcagaccgcccgacaggcccatctctaccgtggactggtgccactcatctacaagggtaggtttttgtttctccaggtcgttctttaaattataactctggcttgtacttgcagagcccggtcttggtgactggctgaaggacgtggacgtgcgcg
>AF062478  3052 Real 3. site
aggtcggaaagaagaacggcttcatcaagaccggcgattccgtcgtggtggttaccggctggaagcagggctccggcttcaccaacaccatccgcattgtgtaagtttaaattctagcatgtagatatatatgtatctgtgcaaaaattatatcaacaaaactaacgcaattatctatcatttcagcaccgtcgaataat
>DROPCXGEN  11078 Real 1. site
gctccggcagcgtgagttcggccagtttgaggtgctcaacgcccccaagatcatgtggttcgaaaagctctacatttacctcagtgtcctggagcggaacgtgctctttcccctgctggccatttcctctctaacggcggactcgcagttgattgtggctaagtttggattgccctggggcacgctcatcgtggcgatct
>DMTSLG  2917 Real 1. site
ctatggctacctgggaatctccatgcgtgtgataccgctcaatgacaactcggagccggatcgctgggtgtttaaggagcccaccaaaaacatctatagggtaagggacttaaggcagagttaagcttacatttaataaattaaatggcgttgatgaactcggaattgtttgtattaacctttaaccacaatcaccataa
>AF068271  1119 Real 1. site
cacggaggaagagccggatgtgcctccaccaaccaccgcgttgtcgggtcagataaaggcgattggcaaggatacagtgcacaaaatatgctcgggacaagtgagatacaaaattattttttttttcgttcaagttccttagacctggactcaattcattttaggtggttctcagcttggctgtggctgtcaaggagcta
>AF068271  1343 Real 2. site
gcaacgctggtggagatcaagctaaaggatcagggactgcagagcgtggaggtcagcgataatggcagtggcgtggaggaaatgaatctggaaggcatgagtaagtgcagccaaatctacaatgatgcggaacaatagttaatcccactgcacacagctgcaaaataccacacctcaaaaatccgggagttcgtggacct
>AF068271  1540 Real 3. site
cctcctgggcgtggaaacctttggattccgtggagaggctctgagttcactgtgtgccttgtcggatatggttatccaaacccggcacaagtctaccgatgtgggtgagttatggacggaaccctacgtttaacgctacatttattccattaaaaacgtccacctttctagggggttaaggtggaactggaccatgaggg
>AF068271  2178 Real 4. site
actcgagggattcatttccagttgccgacatggtgctggacgctctagcagagatcgccagttcttttttgtcaactcgaggccctgtgaccctaaaaatgtgagacaaacccctttaaaatgcttaaataaagtaatattatattcagatagccaaggtgatgaacgaggtttaccatcgctataacgtccaacagcaa
>AF068271  2852 Real 5. site
gatgcagcaagtgatgttgacatggcaaaaaaagacaagacgcaagtctccttggataatagtttcctgaacctgaaagagctggctaaggagtccgagggtgaggaagcttaactatcatatcattcgttaataaattttaatttattcaaattggttacagcttatgatcttttaacgaaaccacagaatgcacctcg
>AF068271  3629 Real 6. site
ccgcaaaatctcgaactaactgcggttaacgagatggtgctattgaaccacattgatgtgttcgagaagaatggcttcaagtttgaagtagaccacgaaggtgggatttcaactgaccttctgttattttacttataaacgattgccatttcagctcctgccacgaagaaggtgcgtctgttgggcaagccgcacagcaa
>AF068271  3937 Real 7. site
acgtgcttgccgaaaatcggtgatgattggcacagctcttagcaggaatacaacgatgagaagactgatcacacaaatgggagaaattgaacagccatgggttatgttaaatgttacaatttggaattaagaattgcaaattctcagttttatagaactgtccacatggacgtcctacgatgcgacacctcataaacatc
>DMRP49  512 Real 1. site
cttcaagatgaccatccgcccagcatacaggcccaagatcgtgaagaagcgcaccaaggacttcatccgccaccagtcggatcgatatgctaagctgtcggtgagtgccacggattgtgccaaattgtacccgtgtttaatcaacatgtctccttgcagcacaaatggcgcaagcccaagggtatcgacaacagagtcgg
>U00790  329 Real 1. site
cagcacaaaacatgagcagattgggctttgagcaattcccggactaccaggtgcccggcatgaagcatcctgatttctcgccctacgagtccaatggcgggtgagttgctatttcccagcggaatcgagatgtggaagaatgtctccatctaaccggagtcttccctgtttacagctccattgtggccatcgccggagat
>DROARF  113 Real 1. site
ataattccatagcgttactaaaatacagcgttgtcatgggcttcctcacagtattaaaaaagatgcgacagaaggaaagggaaatgcgcatattactgctgtgagttccatggaattataaaaaaataaatagtgattcatgtatcgactttattatagaggtctggataatgccggcaagacgacaatcctgaagcgct
>DROARF  527 Real 2. site
agttctgctccaggaagagcgattagctggagccacactcctagttctctgcaacaaacaggatctaccgggagccctctcatccaacgaaattaaagaggttcactctcattgattttttattgaaacaacacatttaatatactttatatttaaagatactacacctagaggatatcaccacacatcattggctggtg
>DROPGLY  728 Real 1. site
ggcggcaagtacaagattgtgatggtgcgccacggcgagtccgagtggaaccaggagaatcagttctgcggctggtacgacgccaacctcagcgaaaagggtgagtgttacatcaatttgaaattcaaacacatatgtggattaaaatctgatgtatgtgtgtacatctagttccaatcgatgatcctttgctttgatca
>DROPGLY  1695 Real 2. site
tactggaacgacgtcatcattccccagatgaaggagggcaagcgcatcctgatcgctgcccacggcaacagcctccgtggcatcgtcaagcatttagacagtgagcatggcagatatatctaacatatcatctttttaccatatccttgtcaatcagacctttctgaggacgccatcatggccctaaatctgcccacggg
>DROLAMAA  391 Real 1. site
tacgtgtggcccggatacggatggaccagagctctactgcaaactagtgggagccaatacggaacacgatcatatcgactattcagttatccagggacaggtaactataatcgacatccagcaacgcccaaaaatcttttcagtatacacacatgatgagataatctttaactttacactgaaaaaaagttaatgtttaa
>DROLAMAA  882 Real 2. site
agagaacgcgatcgatggcaccgaggcctggtggcagagtcctccgttgtccaggggcatgaaattcaatgaagtcaatttgaccatcaacttcgaacaggtaagcagcagagaacataaaagataccaaaggtatccgcctaagaaacgcatagagacggggagacggtggatggatgcaactcgttttcgggttcgac
>DROLAMAA  2890 Real 3. site
cagcatcacacgtgcggcatccagtgcaacgagtgctgtcctggattcgagcagaaaaagtggcgccaaaacaccaatgcccgaccattcaactgcgaacgtaagtattgtgtagtcttttgaacggacatctctcttgagcggacagagacccggatctttatttccgaattttattactagcctgcaactgtcatggt
>DROLAMAA  3183 Real 4. site
aactgtcagcacaataccgtgggaattaactgcaacaagtgcaagccgaaatactatagacccaagggcaagcactggaacgagaccgatgtctgcagccgtaagagccagttataatttaaaggaatccgtaataccatcgttctcccatccatttagcctgccaatgcgactacttcttctccaccggacactgcgag
>DROLAMAA  3656 Real 5. site
tgcaacgtgaccactggagagtgcaagtgcttgaccaatttcggaggcgacaactgcgagcgctgcaagcacggatacttcaactaccctacttgctcatgtaagaaattaataatattttaaagttgaaaaaccaactgatgctgattatgattctccttggcagactgcgactgcgacaaccagggcacggagtcgga
>DROLAMAA  3995 Real 6. site
acctgcgacaacacgggcaaatgtaactgcctcaacaactttgccgggaaacagtgcacgctctgtactgccggatactacagctatccggattgtctacgtatgtaccctcagccatcagatttcatttcaattttaataacctctaatttatcttgatttgcagcttgtcactgtgactctcacggatctcagggagt
>DROLAMAA  4914 Real 7. site
ctctgtatcgtattgtcctgcgatatgtgaatccaaatgccgagaatgtcactgccaccatttcggttacttcagacaatcctctggaggttgatcagcagtaagtatttgtagaactttgctagagaaagatcttaagtattccggttttacagcgttaaggttctactgcaacccacatcggaacctcagttcgtaac
>DROLAMAA  5621 Real 8. site
atgcttatactcgactatttgccgaacatcagttaacgaggatggtatggagaagtcattctatattaacaaagaggatttgcagccagtcatcatctccgtgagttcgaaatattaatcaagctattaacagcaaaataatcactttcctattttgttcaggctgacatcgaagatggttctcgtttcccgattatctc
>DROLAMAA  5964 Real 9. site
aggaccgtattgccaccaacaaacctccatatgcctcactcgatgaacgagttaagctggtccacttagacagtcaaaatgaagcaaccatcgtgattgagtgagtttgtcacttctttatattatattatatattatttatttatttatattattttatatatacagatcaaaggttgatgctacaaaaccgaatctat
>DROLAMAA  6261 Real 10. site
cattcagcactgtccatcgagttccggatgccgcggtgtgatacgccccgccggagagggttcgttcgagattgacgacgagttcaagttcacgattacggtaagactattataaaatacaatcttaagctactttaaaaccgcaaattggttttagaccgatcgatcccagagcgtttggctggactacctggtggtgg
>DROLAMAA  6789 Real 11. site
cgccatgtgtgagcccaccactggtgagtgcatgtgtccgcccaatgtcattggggatttgtgcgagaagtgcgcccccaacacctatggattccatcaggtaagatttttgactagccttcaacagcaggtgctaaaaatcgcatttcattgtccaccaggtcattggctgcgaggagtgtgcatgcaatcctatgggc
>DROLAMAA  8751 Real 12. site
gttgcactccgtgcaattgcaatcagggatactcacgaggattcggttgcaatcccaacaccggcaagtgccaatgtctgccaggagtaattggagataggtaactaacacttgtgatctttggtttctaaatgttgagtgtactaaaactactttcgtcattccagatgcgacgcttgtccgaatcgatgggttctgat
>DROLAMAA  12010 Real 13. site
tcgacgatcgtattctgaacgatggcgaggatcatgtggttacagttcagcacacccaaggtgaacttcgtcttacggtcgatgatgtagataacaagaggtaactttaaagaagacttcgatctcttttgtggttcctatgctaatctacattttacattctcatagacttggttctccacaaccattaatcctggagg
>DROLAMAA  12293 Real 14. site
tgcatcagcgatgtaaccgtgaacgaggagatcattaactttgccaacagtgctgagaagaagaatggcaacatcaacggttgcccaccacatgtactaggtgagttgacaggatacaacatccgattgaaagccgatttataaaaatctctatttgcttacagcctacgaaccaagtttggtgcccagttactacccaa
>DMU49439  5591 Real 1. site
ttcatcagcagtggcggtggcaaagcttcaaccattgtccgaaaaagaaaagaaactggtcagacaattcaacacatttctagtcaggaacttcgaaaaggttggtttacttattttaatatacgaaatatatattaaaaaatatttatttatctttcattagatacgcagatgcaaggccaagcgggcgtcagatgcag
>DMU49439  7125 Real 2. site
aggttcttctcaaaggccaaggccaaccatccagcctgcaccaagagctatgccttcagaaaatttcccgagaagattaagatctccaagagctatgcgcgtaagtttaatattttaaataataataacgccagttaactaatgagcattaatgtgtagcccatgatgtggatccgtcgttgctgaagacaaggaagcaa
>DMALAS  2374 Real 1. site
ctggaggccgtcaacatcctggcatcggaggagggtcgccagctgcgccacttgcaccaacggaacgtctcctacctgaagagcctgctgaagcgagaaggtaagacgtaattctggcatttatgtaactcgaattgaaggttattctcgcactttcgttttattttaagtgatggctataaatatagaaagagacactt
>DMGTPBP  292 Real 1. site
atgcatatttgttgataactggggttttctgtgaaccgcgtttaactctcagccagccatgatcacaatattggagaaaatctcggccatcgagtcggaggtgagtggaaacttggagtacctgccgatcttaccagaaactaacctggtctcggcatccatttaccccgcgcgattccccctggattctatctaaatca
>DMGTPBP  549 Real 2. site
aaggccacctcggcccatttgggtctactgaaggcgaacgtggctaagctgcgacgcgaactgatttcccccaaaggaggcggcggcggaaccggcgaaggtaggctcttgatatataattcaggcaatcactaaacattatgtatttccagctggcttcgaggtggccaagactggagatgcccgggtgggattcgtag
>DMGTPBP  1442 Real 3. site
tgcccgattacaactcgcccgtggtactccacaacgagcgcaccagcattgaggatttctgcaacaagctgcatcgctccattgccaaggaatttaaatagtgagtgcgcttcactttccctctgttcccttggttataataacattatgtatttcttcgtagtgcgctggtttggggctcatctgtgaagcatcagccg
>DMU24676  2896 Real 1. site
ttcgtgaaagaaggcggaaggttaaacagtatttgtaaaatatatactcggcgaagcagcaatttgagaattgtgaaagcgaaaaactacaggaaaaatggtacgtacacttgggactcgcattcagactcggtggtaaaagcggccggtcattgtgcacttttggaagcgaggtggagtgcaaataatgtcttcgattc
>DMU24676  4570 Real 2. site
gcgatgaaaagcagattgatgtggagactgtggcagatcgcaacgccgagtacgaccagtttctagaagatatccagaaatgcggacctggagagtgccggtaagttccgccggttagagacacccagacccatcgaaactaacctaatttaacatctattcgcttgcacaggtacggactgttcgatttcgagtacatg
>DMU24676  4748 Real 3. site
actgttcgatttcgagtacatgcaccagtgtcaaggcacctctgagagttcaaagaagcaaaagctgttccttatgtcgtggtgtcccgatactgccaaggtatgtgaatagccagttgccaagtaatggcgcagaactcatttcgatatcacacacccacaggtcaagaagaagatgttgtactccagctccttcgatg
>DRONANOS  1117 Real 1. site
ctggctgcatcagcggcagcggctagtgcgagtcaccagcaaacggacgagattgcgcgatccttgaaaatctttgcgcaggtgacgacgggcgcagcaggtaagaagaaatggcgaaaagcgatatggcgtcgtttaaaacagaatagccaaaaacagtgcgcgggagcgagatgactatctgtacaagtacagttatg
>DRONANOS  2135 Real 2. site
gcccgtgcagggcgaacagctgcgcggagcttccaattccagtaacaataataacaacaacaacaaggtgtacaagcgttacaacagcaaggccaaagaggtgagtggatctgatccaggattcgcagaattaaaacttgcaaaatatatttgttatcttgtttctccaacagatcagccgccactgcgtcttttgtgag
>DMPRODOS  527 Real 1. site
cggatcctaaacaaggtggtgtcccagctgctattggacaagggggccggccaagcgagcaaccacagcctggagacgctcacccagatgctgcaggcgtgtaagttgacattgtgattaccattttgtactaggataatcatttagcacgccattccagtgatctgggagatcggcaattcggcgcataactactgcga
>DMPRODOS  1022 Real 2. site
gcctgccacaagcgggacatcgagaaggcgctcacaaagttcctctgcaagaccacggagacgaacaacctctttcccaccgaggacaacatgtttccttgtaagaggcaccataatcatccagcgaacaataattaataaccatttcctttcagtaattgcctgcaaaccggcctttcctccctatgcagccgctttaa
>DMPRODOS  1206 Real 3. site
tatgcagccgctttaaatcccacagatcaggtgtttgacttcgaggagctggagtaccactatctggtggccaatcgcacagaagatgagcccagcaaaggtgcgtttctttcaaatagtcagatgccacgagtgctaacactttccacccttttagacgacggcgaagagggcgatagcgaaaacgaggagatggatgg
>DMU60298  1961 Real 1. site
tttgacatgctgcctggtcaggttgagcagcatttgggaaagcgggaacactacaagaagttgtcccagaagcaacaacgtctggaaacccagtaccaaggtacgtatgttatgtaacttacgtgtgtgtgggttcatcattttcatgttttcaggctctggcgtgtggtgcaacaaagtactggatgattgctgcttct
>DMU60298  2839 Real 2. site
ccgaggcgaaggccaaggcaatgaaaatgttctccatcacaaaggggaagcgggtgtatcgattgcgagaagagttccatgacgaactggaggacagggcgtaagtagtcacaaacccacatctttcttcacatttcattacattactatcccttacagctacagcagctacgaggcttcccgactggccattcaacgca
>DMU39739  2682 Real 1. site
ataccaatgtcggtggttccggtcagcggatgaagcggatcatcaacaactcaacgggggccattcaaccgggcactctgatggctctaatgggctcgaggtaagctgctgccgaaatcgataccactaagagatcaggtgcactcgagtggagaagtgctcgagaagtcgttgtccaaaaatgtgctaactatgtcaag
>DMU39739  2911 Real 2. site
gattccgcttggatatcgcccccaactaataaaacttctaccattcacagtggctctgggaaaacaacactcatgtcaacgctcgcctttcgacagccgggtaagttgtgggcactaccaagtacatacgactctagttcccgataagattacacttgatccccatactatctccgtccgctccatttgcattgggatct
>DMU39739  3157 Real 3. site
ccggcgcattgggcccttcatgcatcgcaatcacggctacgtctaccaggatgacctcttcctcggatcggtgagtgttctcgagcacttgaactttatggtgagctactgtatcttaatatcttagctgataagtttattgaaaggctagaataacgttcattcttgttcaaattaactatcaaattgtcttcttaaag
>DMU39739  4308 Real 4. site
gctgaatctcttcccgcagggatttccgctattcatgcgggaaacccgatccggactctactccacgggacaatattatgcggccaatatactggctttggtaagtgttgtaacgaactaattggatttaatttaaaaaggagcatcattttaaagttttcacatgtctgttaatagctgcctggcatgataattgagcc
>DMU39739  4627 Real 5. site
tcttttccacggcctttaattcggtgccgctggcaatggcttacttggtgcccttggattatatattcatgatcacctcgggaatctttatacaagtgaagtgggtgattaaattgatactttcaattaagttcgtttcaagaaacactcaactttcagttcgctaccagtggcgttttggtggacacaattcctctcat
>DMU39739  4787 Real 6. site
tcgctaccagtggcgttttggtggacacaattcctctcatggatgctgtatgccaatgaggcaatgacggctgctcaatggtctggagtgcagaatataagtaagtttaagctttaataccctgttccaagattaatattaattgaaatttgaatagcctgttttcaggagagtgccgacttgccgtgctttcacacggg
>AF044925  520 Real 1. site
cgagatgtactatagcttgctggagtggttcaagaccctcaatctaaatgccccgcatgcggatgcggaatccttagctgacggagtggcactggctcaggtaactatatatacatatatagttcatcaatatttaatagctcctttattcacaggcccttaaccagttcgcccccgaatccttcaccgacgcttggctt
>AF044925  1349 Real 2. site
acttcttcagtctgaaggagctcggaaggaccttaaaatcaaggcccagcaacaagataccgatctgctgcacatgcaaatgcgcatagaggaattaatggtacggtcaacacgattacatttaaattttatgttatcatcattttcttacagaaaagttccgctgaagtgaccacactgaaggatgaagtggatgttct
>AF044925  1963 Real 3. site
cagggaactgcaaccgtcggccacagtggaaaaactacagcgactggaggcggagaacaaggctctgcgcgagggacagggtggccagacagctttggcggttagtaatattagatagcataacttggccactttatattaaaacacattttttgcagcaactgctggacgatgccaataaacgctgcgagaatttgcgt
>AF044925  2140 Real 4. site
ataaacgctgcgagaatttgcgtgagcagctaaaaacagccaatgaacgcattctttccctgtcgcatgcttctcaaagcgatgatcccattttaaaagagtaaatataataagattttcactattgcatgtataattttctatcaaaatcttttcttttatcccaggagcgagtttggtaaacaaatcaaacagttaat
>AF044925  2260 Real 5. site
actattgcatgtataattttctatcaaaatcttttcttttatcccaggagcgagtttggtaaacaaatcaaacagttaatggagctaaatgaacaaaagagtgagtcatgattactgccataagaaaaaagccttctaatattttatatcaacacagcactccaactggaggaagcagttacccagagcacgtctctgca
>AF044925  2494 Real 6. site
gcgcgtgagcaggaaattctggtgtatgacgccaaataccgaaaatgcgtggagaaagctaaggaggtgatcaaaagcatagatcctcgaattgccagtggtaagtgctgnaaatataacaaaaatttacaataattgttgaaatttcagctctggatgctagcgtactggaaaagagtgctgatctcgtcgaggaggag
>DRODROSOPH  1661 Real 1. site
gggaattcgagttgttggctggtttgaagaagcacctaaagacgcaccgcaccgagggccgcaaggacacctggaagaagtgtcctgactgcggcaagtggtaagtgttactgcaaactaaaaatagttattcctattgaccattttactctaactttagcctcaaattgggaagcatgtggatgcatcggaagattcac
>DRODROSOPH  2926 Real 2. site
atggggacgtcggacaacgccatttccgattcggccgctgccctgcacttccagataaagaatgaattaccggacgagctgttgccagacgatgacttctgtaagtttctatgaaaatgtcctgttttatgaattgatttacctagttattcgtataaaatagtattccttttaaaaactttatattaatttaaaatttt
>DME011778  944 Real 1. site
ggacgcggatcaaaaggatgaactggtcatggtcattgagaagcttttatcggatcgcactactctagtggtgggatcagcggtgatggccttcgacgaggtgggtctgcagctaaagtaaaacatttttccactatatacgacggatatttattcataggtttgtccggaacgtgtagatttgatacacaagaactacc
>DME011778  1833 Real 2. site
gcggccacgattcaggccattggacgatgtgcatctagcattaaggaggttaccgagacctgcttgagtggcctggttcatctgctgtccaatcatgacggtgcgttgagctttcttttagccatttgtattttaattttataagtattccgttattccatttagaacacgtggtggccgagagcgtggtggtgattaag
>DME011778  3122 Real 3. site
acggctgtcaagagcaatctggacctgctactcgatctggatgacattccgcccattggtcccgtgatgacgccctcgttgggaggattcctgacgcctggtaaggtgatgcgcatctctaaattggcctctttatataataattcttcaataggcacaccaatgatggctggacaggcggcgccactgcagccgcagca
>DROARF2A  159 Real 1. site
tcctatacgaaataaaatagtttcttattaaacatgggactaacaatatctagtcttttgacacgtttgtttggaaaaaaacaaatgcgtattcttatgggtatgttcaaaatacgatacactaaatataagcctttagttcgcgcataatttttaagtacttgcaatcaacgtgcacataattttaaatatttttgtac
>DROARF2A  526 Real 2. site
gtggcgacactatttccaaaatacacagggtcttatatttgtagtggattccaacgaccgcgatcgtataactgaagctgaaagagaactacagaacatggtactcattttatttaattaaaagtatatacatacgtgtcaaccaattccatgtttatttttcccacagctccaggaggatgaacttagggacgcggtac
>DROARF2A  721 Real 3. site
ggtacttttggtttttgccaacaaacaggacctaccgaatgcaatgacagctgccgagcttacggacaagttgcgccttaaccaattaaggaatcgccacgtatgtcttaggggtaattgtcccaaaaatgtttacttatatctacccatttttagtggtttattcagtctacatgtgctacccaagggcacggtcttta
>AF018998  210 Real 1. site
catgaacttcaacaagatcttcgtctttgtggcaatcatcctggccatcagcctgggaaactcagaggctggttggcttaggaagctgggaaaaaaaatcgtatggattcccttcaaaactaaacgaaatgaattattaatttcgattttccttttaggaacgcatcggtcagcataccagggatgcctcaatccaggtc
>DMBJ1G  979 Real 1. site
catttggtcatcctgaccactgccggaaaggtctttaccgtgggctgcgctgagcagggacaacttggccggctgtcggagcgttccatctccggagagggtaagtcttggcattcaaattttctacgaaatctgtattaaaaaaatgttaacccccaggtcgtcgtggcaaacgcgacttgctgcggcccacccagctc
>DMSPALT  1392 Real 1. site
gataatcaccaggagaccatcaataaaatgatacaatttggtacagtgaaatatggcattgtcaaacagctgaaggatcgcgctcgcagcgccgacaaaggtgagctgaaaatctatttgccaagaaaactgggaaattcactgggaaataaaaaaaactttttgaaaggaatgtcttaaatgttttttgacataattga
>DMSPALT  10024 Real 2. site
gacattcccctgccactcggcgctggagatccactacaggagccacaccaaagagcggccattcaagtgcagcatctgtgatcgcggctttacgaccaaggtgagctatagttacttctattctgaatttattggggggttttctaacggtgcctacacttaaaacgaaatttaaaccagaaaactgatgggaaatttcc
>DMSPALT  10224 Real 3. site
tttttttttcgtttattttccagggcaacctgaagcaacacatgctaactcataaaatccgcgatatggagcaagaaaccttcagaaatcgtgccgtaaagtatgtaagtcttccaatatcacccatcccgtcctgtccttttcattcctattcataaatcccttagtttgcttttaccaactcttcttatttcttatgg
>DMTID56  1998 Real 1. site
agcgactggctctgatcgaggcgtacgccgagctggaggaggacacccccgggcagatccacggaatcgcgaatcgcaaagacggcagtaagcaagcaacgtaaataatctcccgatctaccaatgcaatctctaaatgtaacttggagcttgaattcgtagttgaaatatacgtgcgttctatgtgcgagctttattaa
>DMU04822  1761 Real 1. site
aaacattaagctgaccacttcataaacatgactaattaaacattttttttttacaattccactacttacagataaaatctaacccagaatggtttccgaggtaagtactttcccaaaagattatgcactgatagcaacagtctaccaacatttagggcgtgatagccttgctgctaatcacctgttcgattgctatacac
